## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 23 Dec 2022 08:21:07 GMT

[User count: 4730](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(10 messages)_
---

Thu, 22 Dec 2022 19:18:18 GMT

__@thepsion5__ says 
> Has anyone ever customized the configuration for ProGuard in their Cordova Android application? Supposedly, Android Studio uses ProGuard when building the application but I don't know if Cordova uses it when using the command line
> 

Thu, 22 Dec 2022 19:20:44 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Proguard is not very useful in cordova applications as it will break the cordova bridge. How the JS is tied to the "native side" is the JS will send data in the form of strings to the class/method they wish to call, so if proguard mangles your class names it will break that association.
> 
> So if you used proguard, you would have to have exception rules so it doesn't touch any of the cordova classes, including cordova plugins.
> 

Thu, 22 Dec 2022 19:44:48 GMT

__@thepsion5__ says 
> @norman137 Ah okay, that makes sense! I ask because I'm doing a security pass on my application and trying to find ways to prevent certain data from being logged without having to mess with source files. I'm using Logcat to look at the device logs, and I want to prevent this token from being logged:
> 

Thu, 22 Dec 2022 19:45:48 GMT

__@thepsion5__ says 
> But it's logged by a plugin, so I'm trying to figure out if I can do something to prevent that without having to monkey-patch the plugin source code
> 

Thu, 22 Dec 2022 19:50:06 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Not sure if proguard would solve your problem anyway... proguard will obfuscate java code, including bytecode, and potentially strip out "unused" code, but i don't think it would remove logcat entries.
> 
> You'll probably have to monkey patch the plugin, either by a hook, or forking the plugin.
> 

Thu, 22 Dec 2022 19:51:09 GMT

__@thepsion5__ says 
> @norman137 Yep, after your response I realized the same thing. Thanks for the help! I'm approaching this from the web-dev side, so I'm not familiar with the Android ecosystem when it comes to debugging/obfuscating/etc. Monkey-patching it is!
> 

Thu, 22 Dec 2022 20:06:23 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> Cordova provides its own logger class that can be disabled, but if the plugin used regular log instead of cordova log then you can’t disable it
> 

Thu, 22 Dec 2022 20:08:22 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> But proguard should be able to remove logs
> 

Thu, 22 Dec 2022 20:24:21 GMT

__@thepsion5__ says 
> @jcesarmobile That's what I was hoping, but so far I haven't had any luck figuring out how and where to configure ProGuard. I even resorted to putting bad class names or syntax into every proguard configuration file I could locate, but so far it doesn't appear Cordova pays any attention to them
> 

Fri, 23 Dec 2022 03:51:32 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I guess there is a blog post to remove the log lines using proguard <https://community.guardsquare.com/t/how-to-remove-debug-logging-with-proguard/360>
> 
> But you're reaching into territory I'm not familiar with. I don't use proguard, and the only exposure I've had to it was others raising issues because proguard was mangling important names so cordova couldn't look up the class name via reflecting (by string)
> 
