## Cordova Slack Digest
Tue, 20 Dec 2022 08:21:08 GMT

[User count: 4730](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(7 messages)_
---

Mon, 19 Dec 2022 10:42:05 GMT

__@manuelbeck87__ says 
> That's sad. I thought i could separate the plugins for the platforms. I already wondered about the config.xml and package.json mix thing. Sometimes the package.json file is used only, but you need anyway the config.xml file for the configuration. It's a little bit confusing, that i can define the plugins in the config.xml and in the package.json. Why are there two configuration files? Why i have to maintain two configuration files?
> 

Mon, 19 Dec 2022 11:32:30 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> Because when cordova was created the package.json didn’t exist, so it used it’s own config file, but over time npm became the “standard” of web development and it uses package.json, and since plugins are npm dependencies it makes sense to move them there, but for other configurations there is no direct equivalent and the config.xml was kept for those
> 

Mon, 19 Dec 2022 11:43:17 GMT

__@manuelbeck87__ says 
> Ok so the both have to life side by side. But when the package.json is necessary for npm, why it can't be maintained automatically in the background by the config.xml? It would be great if i could focuss on the config.xml and cordova builds the appropriate package.json. Do i really have to maintain the package.json, when the config.xml holds all necessary informations?
> 

Mon, 19 Dec 2022 14:46:46 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> Package.json is only used for dependencies. You don’t have to manually add anything to it, plugins and platforms are automatically written there on cordova plugin/platform add/rm commands
> 

Mon, 19 Dec 2022 14:59:06 GMT

__@harel.mazor__ says 
> Plugin configurations are on package.json as well basically, so what you wrote is not 100% accurate...
> 

Mon, 19 Dec 2022 15:09:31 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Plugin variables provided at install time, yes
> 

Mon, 19 Dec 2022 16:52:42 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> If you passed the variables to cordova plugin add they are added in the package.json automatically by the command. 
> And plugin preferences are still in config.xml as far as I remember. So I don’t think users have to add anything to the package.json to configure cordova 
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(10 messages)_
---

Mon, 19 Dec 2022 11:01:30 GMT

__@xavier.serra__ says 
> Hello
> 

Mon, 19 Dec 2022 11:02:06 GMT

__@xavier.serra__ says 
> We are facing a strange issue in an app which has an asset encryption system.
> 

Mon, 19 Dec 2022 11:03:22 GMT

__@xavier.serra__ says 
> The first time the app is loaded, the main.js loads properly without problems. However, after several loads, the app crashes and gets stuck at "Application Error: The connection to the server was unsuccessful (<https://xxx.xxxxx.com/>)
> 

Mon, 19 Dec 2022 11:04:26 GMT

__@xavier.serra__ says 
> The hybrid ui of the app appears in background as well. Having debugged the app, we find that the main.js file (which is quite large), lasts for 3 minutes to load and is preceded by a "stalled" message.
> 

Mon, 19 Dec 2022 11:04:47 GMT

__@xavier.serra__ says 
> 
> 

Mon, 19 Dec 2022 11:05:27 GMT

__@xavier.serra__ says 
> The way to solve that is by cleaning the whole app cache and data, then it loads properly again.
> 

Mon, 19 Dec 2022 11:06:40 GMT

__@xavier.serra__ says 
> A ticket to the encryption library provider has been opened as well, and this might be the main cause, however, any idea would be appreciated.
> 

Mon, 19 Dec 2022 11:06:41 GMT

__@xavier.serra__ says 
> Thanks
> 

Mon, 19 Dec 2022 20:11:37 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Not a whole lot of information to on here but given that the request doesn't appear to be completing, it seems to be a server side issue.
> 

Tue, 20 Dec 2022 08:03:25 GMT

__@xavier.serra__ says 
> @norman137 There is no server side, this is a cordova application and main.js is stored locally
> 
