## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 22 Dec 2022 08:21:08 GMT

[User count: 4730](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(3 messages)_
---

Wed, 21 Dec 2022 15:50:25 GMT

__@noelie__ says 
> hello everyone, I am using the cordova in app purchase, and when I test it (using sandbox), the thing looks like it's working several times in a row. I need to save the result in an entry in my database, but I get like ... 20/30 entries saved. Is it Sandbox or the system?
> 

Wed, 21 Dec 2022 16:30:38 GMT

__@prasunjajodia__ says 
> Back when I used the in-app purchase plugin, It worked well in the sandbox too. Only one entry was saved on the system.
> Could you show us what you're doing?
> 

Thu, 22 Dec 2022 08:10:39 GMT

__@jesper__ says 
> Using `cordova-sqlite-storage` with iOS we have started seeing lots of `Uncaught (in promise): UnknownError: Attempt to get a record from database without an in-progress transaction` errors…. anyone seen that error? Doesn’t seem like it is a big problem out there for anyone else. Only on iOS 16+ it seems to be happening, and im guessing it has something to do with going to the background.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(1 messages)_
---

Wed, 21 Dec 2022 19:14:59 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> @xavier.serra
> 
> Then i'm not sure. Using Android Studio so that you can debug the native project/get access to the native logs might provide more insight on what is happening. You can find the native project at `&lt;cordova-project&gt;/platforms/android` which is simply just a gradle project that can be opened in Android Studio. If you open the project and Android Studio prompts to update dependencies, do **not** update as it will likely break the project.
> 
