## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 28 Dec 2022 08:21:08 GMT

[User count: 4730](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(6 messages)_
---

Tue, 27 Dec 2022 08:38:56 GMT

__@rakesh.athuru__ says 
> Hi,
> We observe below warnings, while building app for iOS using Azure DevOps pipeline.
> 
> &gt; warning: The iOS deployment target 'IPHONEOS_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET' is set to 8.0, but the range of supported deployment target versions is 9.0 to 15.2.99. (in target 'GoogleDataTransport' from project 'Pods')
> &gt; warning: The iOS deployment target 'IPHONEOS_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET' is set to 8.0, but the range of supported deployment target versions is 9.0 to 15.2.99. (in target 'FirebaseCoreDiagnostics' from project 'Pods')
> &gt; warning: The iOS deployment target 'IPHONEOS_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET' is set to 8.0, but the range of supported deployment target versions is 9.0 to 15.2.99. (in target 'GoogleUtilities' from project 'Pods')
> &gt; warning: The iOS deployment target 'IPHONEOS_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET' is set to 8.0, but the range of supported deployment target versions is 9.0 to 15.2.99. (in target 'FirebaseInstanceID' from project 'Pods')
> &gt; warning: The iOS deployment target 'IPHONEOS_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET' is set to 8.0, but the range of supported deployment target versions is 9.0 to 15.2.99. (in target 'FirebaseCore' from project 'Pods')
> &gt; warning: The iOS deployment target 'IPHONEOS_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET' is set to 8.0, but the range of supported deployment target versions is 9.0 to 15.2.99. (in target 'nanopb' from project 'Pods')
> &gt; warning: The iOS deployment target 'IPHONEOS_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET' is set to 8.0, but the range of supported deployment target versions is 9.0 to 15.2.99. (in target 'FirebaseInstallations' from project 'Pods')
> &gt; warning: The iOS deployment target 'IPHONEOS_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET' is set to 8.0, but the range of supported deployment target versions is 9.0 to 15.2.99. (in target 'Firebase' from project 'Pods')
> &gt; warning: The iOS deployment target 'IPHONEOS_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET' is set to 8.0, but the range of supported deployment target versions is 9.0 to 15.2.99. (in target 'FirebaseMessaging' from project 'Pods')
> Any clue how to address them and where to look for more information ?
> 

Tue, 27 Dec 2022 08:57:57 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> I think you can ignore those. Cordova iOS has a minimum target version of iOS 9, but the 3rd party Cocoapods you're using set a minimum target of iOS 8
> 

Tue, 27 Dec 2022 08:58:07 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> That's fine, but Xcode is going to warn you about it (because your app uses Cordova's minimum of 9)
> 

Tue, 27 Dec 2022 21:12:12 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> Isn’t ios 11 the minimum for latest cordova-ios?
> 

Tue, 27 Dec 2022 21:12:54 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> oh right, we bumped that in the last major for the scheme stuff
> 

Tue, 27 Dec 2022 21:13:55 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> You can try updating the plugins that use google dependencies, I think it was Google analytics or firebase. If they don’t have a newer version maybe it’s abandoned or the sdk version can be configured, but yeah, those are just warnings
> 

### __Channel #plugins__ _(1 messages)_
---

Wed, 28 Dec 2022 08:10:08 GMT

__@rakesh.athuru__ says 
> Question regarding cordova-plugin-file impl: <https://github.com/apache/cordova/discussions/369>
> Mentioning it here as well, so that its not missed 🙂
> 
> Thank you
> 
