## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 05 Jan 2023 08:21:22 GMT

[User count: 4731](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(16 messages)_
---

Wed, 04 Jan 2023 18:33:00 GMT

__@manuelbeck87__ says 
> Is it safe to ignore package.json and package-lock.json from git?
> 

Wed, 04 Jan 2023 18:38:09 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> both `package.json` and `package-lock.json` is suppose to be checked into git.
> 
> Without package.json, nothing keeps track of your NPM dependencies (including dependencies that cordova intalls), so from a fresh git clone, you won't be able to restore your environment.
> 
> `package-lock.json` is mainly used for 2 things, but is less important to be checked into your git repo, although it's still recommended.
> 
> 1. NPM audit uses it to check if your environment has known vulnerabities in your dependency tree
> 2. If you operate in a team environment, package-lock ensures that all your team members will have the exact same dependency tree.
> 

Wed, 04 Jan 2023 18:47:07 GMT

__@manuelbeck87__ says 
> I understand, but i thought it should not be my task to maintain the package.json. Currently i don't check in the package.json to git, because when i remove package.json and package-lock.json an do a cordova prepare, the package.json is restored. I have sometimes the fear to edit something in the config.xml and it is not reflected to the package.json.
> 
> Can i freely edit the config.xml without worring about the package.json?
> 

Wed, 04 Jan 2023 18:53:02 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> if you were to install a plugin, cordova will install it to package.json
> 

Wed, 04 Jan 2023 18:53:15 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> so if you delete package.json and try to restore your project
> 

Wed, 04 Jan 2023 18:53:23 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> like from  fresh checkout for example
> 

Wed, 04 Jan 2023 18:53:27 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> i town't instlal all your cordova plugins
> 

Wed, 04 Jan 2023 18:53:32 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> and you won't have a working cordova project
> 

Wed, 04 Jan 2023 18:54:57 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> it's possible that you may have your plugin information lso stored in your config.xml, especially if your project is older. In those cases, Cordova will migrate/restore those plugins as well but that's considered obsolete/deprecated. Cordova doesn't manage config.xml for plugins anymore, it uses the package.json
> 

Wed, 04 Jan 2023 18:55:55 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> To be clear, both `config.xml` and `package.json` is used, but config is mostly used for configurations/options, while `package.json` is used for dependencies.
> 

Wed, 04 Jan 2023 19:09:53 GMT

__@manuelbeck87__ says 
> Ok, so i have to maintain both files. I never saw anywhere, that now plugins only have to configured in `package.json`. You still can see the `plugin`-tag documented for `config.xml` on the cordova-website without any hint, that `package.json` is now the preffered way. Additionally the cordova cli is saying nothing about the deprecation of the `plugin`-tag in `config.xml`. I really liked it to focus only on `config.xml`, now i have to split the configuration. So the `config.xml` should contain no `plugin`-tags and all plugins should configurated in `package.json`?
> 

Wed, 04 Jan 2023 19:25:06 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> cordova cli states something to the effect of migrating from config.xml i think, if it restores a plugin using information from config.xml. But no, it doesn't explicitly say it's deprecated.
> 
> And **you** don't really need to manage the `package.json`, the CLI will manage it for you. E.g. you shouldn't find a need to manually change something inside `package.json`. But naturally if you install plugin x, and then try to reclone your project and it's missing `package.json`, then cordova has no information saying plugin x is needed and won't install it when you add your platforms, which is why you should check in `package.json`
> 
> And yah, for the docs, unfortunately they tend to get out-dated... wouldn't be surprised if it still mentions the `plugin` tags with no hint on what the Cordova CLI does now. And there is likely no documentation on the actual `package.json` structure that cordova manages that we could link to.
> 

Wed, 04 Jan 2023 19:28:25 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> &gt; So the config.xml should contain no plugin-tags and all plugins should configurated in package.json?
> Yes, I believe so. I know the Cordova CLI will migrate them (but not 100% sure if it will auto delete it from `config.xml`)
> 

Wed, 04 Jan 2023 19:59:15 GMT

__@manuelbeck87__ says 
> &gt; I know the Cordova CLI will migrate them (but not 100% sure if it will auto delete it from `config.xml`)
> &gt; 
> I just removed `package.json` and did a `prepare`, the cli prints:
> ```Plugin 'xxx' found in config.xml... Migrating it to package.json
> ```
> The `config.xml` is untouched.
> 
> &gt; And **you** don't really need to manage the `package.json`, the CLI will manage it for you. E.g. you shouldn't find a need to manually change something inside `package.json`.
> &gt; 
> I see, i should only use the cli to add/remove plugins. I did it all the time by hand by editing the `config.xml`.
> 
> The advantage about the `config.xml` was, that i could document the plugins. Sometimes it is not clear why i use a plugin or a specific fork. The documentation helps to explain that. With `package.json` i don't have this opportunity.
> 
> So I should never touch `package.json` by hand?
> 
> I saw in the `package.json` entries like `name: "<http://de.xxx.xxx|de.xxx.xxx>"`, `version` and `displayName`. This should only be configured in `config.xml` or?
> 
> &gt; And there is likely no documentation on the actual `package.json` structure that cordova manages that we could link to.
> &gt; 
> This would be my next question. So no documentation for that file, that's sad :/
> 

Wed, 04 Jan 2023 20:01:51 GMT

__@gh__ says 
> This should be easy to find on the Cordova site, but I'm not finding it. What's the signup link to the Cordova Slack channel?
> 

Wed, 04 Jan 2023 20:07:29 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> &gt; So I should never touch package.json by hand?
> If you know what you're doing, nothing is stopping you obviously. But generally speaking we assume you're using the CLI which will manage these things for you. Managing them by hand would be error-prone.
> 
> &gt; This should be easy to find on the Cordova site, but I'm not finding it. What's the signup link to the Cordova Slack channel?
> It's been removed since it's broken I think, and has been broken for awhile. But we are migrating our support to GH discussions now: <https://github.com/apache/cordova/discussions>
> 
> Slack is still here for the instant messaging/community, so if you want to invite, this link should work: <https://join.slack.com/t/cordova/shared_invite/zt-z70vy6tx-7VNulesO0Qz0Od9QV4tc1Q>
> 
> But we are encouraging people to use GH discussions now rather than slack.
> 
