## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 26 May 2023 08:20:40 GMT

[User count: 4775](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(5 messages)_
---

Thu, 25 May 2023 20:10:50 GMT

__@krosado__ says 
> I would like to know if there is a way to keep the android 12 splash until the component load is finished. for now it keeps a blank screen
> 

Thu, 25 May 2023 20:19:13 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Use <https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/11.x/core/features/splashscreen/index.html#autohidesplashscreen>
> 
> `&lt;preference name="AutoHideSplashScreen" value="false" /&gt;`
> 
> in conjunction with the splashscreen JS api: <https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/11.x/core/features/splashscreen/index.html#navigatorsplashscreenhide>
> 
> `navigator.splashscreen.hide();`
> 
> Then you can hide the splashscreen once your view is ready to be viewed.
> 
> Do note that android counts the time it takes for the splashscreen to be dismissed and if it takes longer than I think 5 seconds... it will trigger an ANR (App Not Responsive) count on your app. This means the user will get notified that your app isn't responsive and will be prompted to wait or kill the app, and you'll get an ANR count in your google play store analytics which negatively impacts your play store ratings.
> 
> So if you're anticipating that your loading will take a longer time, you'll probably want to transition from the splashscreen to an actual loading screen that gives better feedback that your app is loading.
> 

Thu, 25 May 2023 20:26:51 GMT

__@selim.demir__ says 
> Hi again... Cordova-plugin-chooser and many other plugins app crashes on large files. While we can manage this problem with OutOfMemory error on Android, we cannot do it on iOS. We just want to prevent the app crashes. Can we manage this issue in general
> 

Thu, 25 May 2023 21:49:22 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Process data in chunks rather than as a whole.
> 

Thu, 25 May 2023 22:02:03 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Generally speaking, of course. But there could be other reasons why an application is exhausting memory resources, such as memory leaks (which can still exist in referencing counting runtimes including in Apple's objc ARC &amp; java)
> 
> I also don't think it's safe to catch `OutOfMemoryError` because it's a `VirtualMachineError`
> 
> And by JVM specs, a `VirtualMachineError` can be thrown at any time, and not necessarily precisely when the actual error occurred.
> 
> &gt; A Java Virtual Machine implementation throws an object that is an instance of a subclass of the class VirtualMachineError when an internal error or resource limitation prevents it from implementing the semantics described in this chapter. This specification cannot predict where internal errors or resource limitations may be encountered and does not mandate precisely when they can be reported. Thus, any of the VirtualMachineError subclasses defined below may be thrown at any time during the operation of the Java Virtual Machine:
> Therefore after a `VirtualMachineError` has occurred, it's unsafe to assume any given state.
> 
> But generally speaking, handling large files needs to be handled in chunks, and avoid transferring binary data over the cordova bridge as Base64, especially if you know the file is large. Strings must be continuous array in memory, and representing a binary file as base64 will expand the data size by about 33%. If you're encoding to base64 that means the JVM needs to encode to base64 and create a string in JVM, which then needs to get replicated in the JS runtime inside the webview. Strings in JS are pass-by-value so for every time you're passing that string around to different functions, you're copying that binary content over and over which will lead into excessive garbage collections and can lead to OOM even if you have plenty of memory, if that contiguous array cannot be create behind the scenes because the available memory is too sparsed out.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(2 messages)_
---

Thu, 25 May 2023 17:34:35 GMT

__@ebrommers__ says 
> FYI in case anyone runs into this issue while upgrading to cordova-android 12.0.0 (M1 MB Pro). `cordova platform add android@latest`  kicked back an error for me:
>  `npm ERR! enoent Invalid response body while trying to fetch <https://registry.npmjs.org/lodash.isdate>: ENOENT: no such file or directory, rename '/Users/erik/.npm/_cacache/tmp/b246656d' -&gt; '/Users/erik/.npm/_cacache/content-v2/sha512/0b/4b/3f48fa687fab30f8e6b92fa973c46391bce7e4fc2ab9cbb7c15d200a2a429d15cdbc7c9cf0a6c92c460a1dfaef775bc2e35a166a08bcdddea734c172371a'`
> 
> Was able to fix it by deleting the contents of the `.../.npm/_cacache/`  directory. Most likely some old cruft from a previous platform install. 🙂
> 

Thu, 25 May 2023 22:21:30 GMT

__@erikyuzwa__ says 
> can't seem to get bundles into testing after upgrading to 12.0.0. I've tried bumping the version number in the `config.xml` a few times, and cleaning the project before rebuilding it in Android Studio after running the `cordova prepare`. Any ideas? It builds and signs just fine.
> 
