## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 29 Nov 2023 08:20:54 GMT

[User count: 4816](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(2 messages)_
---

Tue, 28 Nov 2023 22:48:26 GMT

__@lauben2814y__ says 
> am testing the default web player in my cordova app but it does not play the video at all yet it works fine on my browser                            <video src="<http://commondatastorage.googleapis.com/gtv-videos-bucket/sample/WhatCarCanYouGetForAGrand.mp4>" controls
>         width="400px" height="400px">
> </video> could  anyone tell me why
> 

Tue, 28 Nov 2023 23:32:05 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Try using an HTTPS URL, most security defaults don't allow HTTP connections these days
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(2 messages)_
---

Tue, 28 Nov 2023 13:18:10 GMT

__@psnizhko__ says 
> Hi everyone,
> I hope you're doing well! I'm currently working on an app that initially starts with a local HTML file and then loads JS files from a remote server. However, we're facing a challenge when it comes to accessing Cordova.js and other script files located in the `Staging/www` folder. We've attempted to access them using:
> `var url = '<https://cdvfile/localhost/>' + localFolder + '/www/cordova.js';`
> `var el = document.createElement('script');`
> `el.src = url;`
> It appears that accessing local files, even within the `Staging/www` folder, from pages dynamically downloaded from a remote server within our WebView is posing a challenge. The previous development team employed a workaround by including all local script files via the `addUserScript` method in `WKUserContentController`. I'm curious if there's an alternative workaround or solution to this.
> Any insights would be greatly appreciated. Thank you in advance!
> 

Tue, 28 Nov 2023 13:39:47 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Not recommended because it's against the terms of service for the App Store to remotely load in JS or any executable code that can make use of native device APIs. That means remotely loaded in code should not be interacting with the `cordova.js` APIs. It's not against their terms to load in remote JS as long as they use the standard browser API.
> 
> See Section 4.7.1
> 
> &gt; only use capabilities available in a standard WebKit view (e.g. it must open and run natively in Safari without modifications or additional software); and use WebKit and JavaScript Core to run third-party software and should not attempt to extend or expose native platform APIs to third-party software;
> <https://developer.apple.com/app-store/review/guidelines/#third-party-software>
> 
> If you're exposing cordova.js then you are exposing native platform APIs to third-party software. Depending on whose authoring these remote files, you may be also in breach of the Apple Developer Agreement as well (only individuals who have signed/agreed to the Apple Developer Agreement, may use the native platform APIs)
> 
> Your app code should be bundled in the IPA, including your JS.
> 
