## Cordova Slack Digest
Sat, 16 Dec 2023 08:20:33 GMT

[User count: 4817](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(8 messages)_
---

Fri, 15 Dec 2023 09:22:32 GMT

__@sinan.demir__ says 
> Hello,
> 
> I am building my application:
> 
> ```cordova build android --release -- --packageType=apk```
> Signing :
> 
> ```jarsigner -verbose -sigalg SHA256withRSA -digestalg SHA-256 -keystore my-release-key.keystore app-release.apk alias_name -keypass 123456 -storepass 123456```
> Signed apk cannot be installed on android device.
> 
> I also tried this :
> 
> ```cordova build android --release -- --keystore=../my-release-key.keystore --storePassword=password --alias=alias_name --password=password --packageType=bundle```
> When I compile it this way, it installs on the device but when I want to verify the signature:
> 
> ```jarsigner -verify -verbose -certs app-release.apk```
> It doesn't seem to be signed.
> 
> I am waiting for your help.
> 
> Thank you for your help.
> 

Fri, 15 Dec 2023 10:19:55 GMT

__@senthilnathan__ says 
> build the apks / bundle
> and then sign the bundle with Android/sdk/build-tools/32.0.0/apksigner sign
> 

Fri, 15 Dec 2023 10:20:07 GMT

__@senthilnathan__ says 
> it works for me
> 

Fri, 15 Dec 2023 12:09:39 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> yah i think `jarigner` is dated.
> 
> I use gradle to sign for me, which cordova will setup if you have a `build.json` file.
> 
> <https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/12.x/guide/platforms/android/index.html#using-buildjson>
> 

Fri, 15 Dec 2023 13:48:28 GMT

__@sinan.demir__ says 
> Thank you very much for the answers.
> 
> I signed it with android/sdk/build-tools/32.0.0/apksigner and it was successful. When I check with "Analyze APK" in Android Studio, I can see the MANIFEST.MF file and the signature type (SHA256).
> 
> I processed with build.json, it was successful. But when I opened it with "Analyze APK" in Android Studio, MANIFEST.MF file was not created. I could not see the signature type.
> 
> How can I verify this? I want to sign the APK using SHA256 algorithm and verify it.
> 

Fri, 15 Dec 2023 14:18:33 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> If I unpack a signed APK I don’t see any MANIFEST.MF file either but the apksigner verify --print-certs will print out the certificates DN, SHA256 digest, among some other information, but not necessary the signing algorithm used… so not sure how to actually verify that.
> 
> Note that the APK signer you don’t have direct control over the specific signing algorithm. The actual signing algorithm used will depend on your min and/or max sdk. As long as you’re min sdk is set to I believe &gt;= 18 (and current cordova supports &gt;= 24) then it should be using SHA256 with RSA, DSA, or EC. Though I’m having a hard time finding the android docs that talks about that.
> 

Fri, 15 Dec 2023 14:19:12 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> It’s suppose to use the strongest signature possible based on device support, as declared by your min sdk.
> 

Fri, 15 Dec 2023 14:24:14 GMT

__@sinan.demir__ says 
> I sign with build.json.
> 
> I check with "keytool -printcert -jarfile platforms/android/app/build/outputs/apk/release/app-release.apk".
> 
> I get the warning "Not a signed jar file".
> 
> I sign it with "android/sdk/build-tools/32.0.0/apksigner".
> 
> I check with "keytool -printcert -jarfile platforms/android/app/build/outputs/apk/release/app-release.apk".
> 
> I can get the output "Signature algorithm name: SHA256withRSA".
> 
