## Cordova Slack Digest
Mon, 20 Mar 2023 08:21:28 GMT

[User count: 4754](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(1 messages)_
---

Sun, 19 Mar 2023 17:02:47 GMT

__@ppetree__ says 
> About 7 years ago (back in the jquery.mobile days), I wrote some javascript that takes over the console.log, console.warn and console.error functions and outputs the logging to a div within a page in your app. This allows you to do some debugging out in the wild (or without plugging a device into a computer - which is really useful for those who don’t have a mac).
> 
> I just did a major rewrite (while I was forced to sit still on the couch) and updated the github repository which you can find here:
> 
> <https://github.com/ppetree/cordova-console-log>
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(3 messages)_
---

Sun, 19 Mar 2023 09:54:18 GMT

__@alex678__ says 
> Hello everybody, since few time (i didnt changed anything), i get the following error when i use cordova platform remove/add ios.    On my current MacOS version + Other MacOS also.  Do you have any idea please ?
> 
> npm: Command failed with exit code 243 Error output:
> npm ERR! code EACCES
> npm ERR! syscall rename
> npm ERR! path /Users/alex/node_modules/bplist-creator
> npm ERR! dest /Users/alex/node_modules/.bplist-creator-BFR63So0
> npm ERR! errno -13
> npm ERR! Error: EACCES: permission denied, rename '/Users/alex/node_modules/bplist-creator' -&gt; '/Users/alex/node_modules/.bplist-creator-BFR63So0'
> npm ERR!  [Error: EACCES: permission denied, rename '/Users/alex/node_modules/bplist-creator' -&gt; '/Users/alex/node_modules/.bplist-creator-BFR63So0'] {
> npm ERR!   errno: -13,
> npm ERR!   code: 'EACCES',
> npm ERR!   syscall: 'rename',
> npm ERR!   path: '/Users/alex/node_modules/bplist-creator',
> npm ERR!   dest: '/Users/alex/node_modules/.bplist-creator-BFR63So0'
> npm ERR! }
> 

Sun, 19 Mar 2023 16:16:58 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> `EACCES` means you lack the filesystem permission to read/write/do whatever action that NPM is trying to do
> 
> First thing I'd do is confirm that you "own" the directory.
> 
> `ls -al /Users/alex/node_modules/bplist-creator` will list the ownership of file. I'm not on a mac so the output might be slightly different, but it should be fairly close:
> 
> ```ls -al
> total 756
> drwxrwxr-x   9 norman norman   4096 Mar 17 16:52 .
> drwxrwxr-x  12 norman norman   4096 Mar 16 12:26 ..
> -rw-rw-r--   1 norman norman    545 Mar 17 16:52 CHANGELOG.md```
> The `norman norman` means the files is owned by the user `norman` and group `norman` in my example.
> 
> I suspect that you ran NPM as root at some point probably via `sudo`, which would have changed the ownership of the files to root. If the files are owned by root (I think Mac uses user `root` and group `staff`), then you'll need to be root to manage your node modules and potentially root to execute any node programs, which is not recommended.
> 
> If `ls -al` shows that the files are owned by root, you can change it back using the command: `sudo chown -R alex:alex /Users/alex/node_modules`
> 
> `chown` command is used to change the ownership of the file/directory. `-R` is the recursive flag, so it will change the directory + any sub directories and files. `alex:alex` is `&lt;USER&gt;:&lt;GROUP&gt;`, so you're changing the ownership to user `alex` &amp; group `alex`. I'm assuming the username is `alex` because of the filepath `/Users/alex`. Lastly we are targeting the `/Users/alex/node_modules` directory to change the ownership.
> 

Sun, 19 Mar 2023 16:19:07 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Take care when executing the command, you don't want to accidentally change the ownership recursively on `/` or `/Users` for example, that could break your system entirely.
> 
