## Cordova Slack Digest
Mon, 09 Jan 2023 08:21:21 GMT

[User count: 4731](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(2 messages)_
---

Sun, 08 Jan 2023 14:56:03 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> Hi, I am trying to inject some permissions through config.xlm as in Cordova documentation
> but getting this arror after the build. Someone know what I am doing wrong? Thank you
> 

Sun, 08 Jan 2023 20:49:25 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> Some more questions please. Do anyone have experience with granting ACCESS_BACKGROUND_LOCATION to Android 10+ app or using Geofence with Android 10+?
> To explain , I am using geofence functionality and by google I have to ask for ACCESS_BACKGROUND_LOCATION permission for Android 10+(<https://developer.android.com/training/location/geofencing#RequestGeofences>), not talking about stating this permission in config but actually granting such permission for the app.
> My app is working with Androids bellow 10, but for phones with Andoid 10+  without ACCESS_BACKGROUND_LOCATION granted the geofence is not created
> *Now the problem:*
> as stated on the Geofence plugin page (<https://github.com/dpa99c/cordova-diagnostic-plugin#locationauthorizationmode-constants>)
> "_Requesting the `ALWAYS` permission initially with `requestLocationAuthorization()`, on Android 11/API 30 and iOS 13+ versions onwards is not advised and may lead to unexpected behaviour. See <https://github.com/dpa99c/cordova-diagnostic-plugin#requestlocationauthorization|requestLocationAuthorization()>_" - tested its basically not working.
> 
> *The plugin have workaround about that stating:*
> - "For Android 11+ / API 30+), make an initial request with `mode` set to `cordova.plugins.diagnostic.locationAuthorizationMode.ALWAYS` will NOT present the user with a dialog at all and immediately returns a `DENIED` result.
> You must request `mode=WHEN_IN_USE` _before_ requesting `mode=ALWAYS` "
> 
> *My questions:*
> 1. is the only way to detect first androids up to 10 to use standard way of granting permissions and for Android10+ present with modified way of granting permissions (modified I mean first ask for mode=WHEN_IN_USE and later mode=ALWAYS in separate request).  Because it seems to me that Android up to 10 do not really know ACCESS_BACKGROUND_LOCATION permission at all (when checking for it it return undefined)?
> 2. The walkaround of asking first for mode=WHEN_IN_USE and asking for mode=ALWAYS in separate request seems to be quite non user friendly. Any thoughts about that?
> 
