## Cordova Slack Digest
Sat, 26 Aug 2023 08:20:00 GMT

[User count: 4796](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(3 messages)_
---

Sat, 26 Aug 2023 07:58:15 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> Hello everyone, where do you host your privacy policy pages?
> 
> To explain: I have it in ordinary hosting, which is 99%+ up but today its down for some maintenance. Google immediately recognize that privacy policy page is down and take down all my apps. 
> What is the solution? Thanks
> 

Sat, 26 Aug 2023 08:07:25 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> Wow, and put them back once the site is up again? Or you have to do it manually?
> 

Sat, 26 Aug 2023 08:12:03 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> Just throwing out ideas, but couldn't you use Cloudflare's Always Online service to cache a static version of your pages so when the server goes down it would then show the cached page?
> Would require I guess some infra changes... but, again, not sure if this would be valid option.. not sure what Google would see or say...
> 

### __Channel #plugins__ _(4 messages)_
---

Fri, 25 Aug 2023 14:13:49 GMT

__@daviesd__ says 
> I had a plugin that WAS installing just fine a month or so ago.  Now it's complaining.  I'm using cordova 11.0.0, cordova-ios 7.0.0, cordova-android 12.0.0, and Xcode 14.3.1.  I don't *think* I upgraded anything (unless XCode updated).
> 
> *`Error during processing of action! Attempting to revert...`*
> *`Failed to install 'cmb-sdk-cordova-plugin': TypeError [ERR_INVALID_ARG_TYPE]: Uh oh!`*
> *`The "path" argument must be of type string. Received undefined`*
>   *`at new NodeError (node:internal/errors:399:5)`*
>   *`at validateString (node:internal/validators:163:11)`*
>   *`at Object.basename (node:path:1309:5)`*
>   *`at new pbxFile (/Users/daviesd/workspace/mobile/digby/src-cordova/node_modules/xcode/lib/pbxFile.js:189:26)`*
>   *`at pbxProject.addBuildPhase (/Users/daviesd/workspace/mobile/digby/src-cordova/node_modules/xcode/lib/pbxProject.js:921:26)`*
>   *`at install (/Users/daviesd/workspace/mobile/digby/src-cordova/node_modules/cordova-ios/lib/plugman/pluginHandlers.js:124:31)`*
> 
> Ideas where to start looking?
> 

Fri, 25 Aug 2023 14:25:41 GMT

__@daviesd__ says 
> Hmmmm.... it's a cordova-ios@7.0.0 issue.  cordova-ios@6.3.0 works fine.  Has anyone else seen this issue when upgrading?
> 

Fri, 25 Aug 2023 16:16:43 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> I think it’s already reported and with a PR pending
> 

Fri, 25 Aug 2023 16:18:33 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Yah i think it's related to <https://github.com/apache/cordova-ios/pull/1358>
> 
