## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 24 Mar 2023 08:20:53 GMT

[User count: 4754](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(6 messages)_
---

Thu, 23 Mar 2023 14:12:48 GMT

__@bigballi__ says 
> Any thoughts/experience on why window.onerror on iOS would always return "Script error" without details?
> I'm aware it has to do with cors, but this is coming from a local js file, served from www folder, loaded with a simple script tag.
> 

Thu, 23 Mar 2023 14:35:54 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> If you haven't migrated to using schemes (e.g. you're still loading from the `file://` protocol, then you're origin is `null` and WKWebView treats everything as cross origin.
> 

Thu, 23 Mar 2023 14:37:10 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> But I'm still not sure why a CORS issue will be present in your case
> 

Thu, 23 Mar 2023 14:37:34 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> But you're right, usually a `Script error` is a result of a CORS rejection.
> 

Thu, 23 Mar 2023 18:13:52 GMT

__@bigballi__ says 
> Right, not sure why it's happening locally. Changing scheme in info.plist fixed it.
> 

Thu, 23 Mar 2023 18:34:07 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Schemes requires cordova-ios@6
> 
> you can use `&lt;preference name="scheme" value="app" /&gt;` and `&lt;preference name="hostname" value="localhost" /&gt;`
> 
> You can place them inside the `&lt;platform name="ios"&gt;` / `&lt;platform name="android"&gt;` blocks. Both platforms support schemes but due to the underlying API they cannot be the same because iOS forbids you using any well known protocol as the scheme, so for example you can't set the scheme to http or https, whereas Android forces you to use ether `http` or `https` as the scheme.
> 
> On iOS, if you don't have any of these preferences, it defaults to no scheme (uses a filesystem strategy like in cordova-ios@5)
> 
> Note that all web storage containers (indexedDB, local storage, cookies, etc) are tied to the origin, so by changing the origin or changing the scheme/hostname causes an origin change, thus you'll lose access to these containers. It is possible to migrate them (they'll still exist on the device, but will be inaccessible through the web APIs). Migration is out of scope of what Cordova manages.
> 
