## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 26 Jul 2023 08:20:53 GMT

[User count: 4791](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(9 messages)_
---

Tue, 25 Jul 2023 16:11:39 GMT

__@matt509__ says 
> I have been using Cordova since it was PhoneGap from Nitobi.  I was searching about Cordova today and saw several articles written in 2021 that Apache Corodova was being retired and to use other frameworks.  That appears to not be true.  I do recall that the Apache group mentioning something about Cordova being moved out of their main libraries or something along those lines.  However, from the activity on <https://cordova.apache.org/> it appears that Cordova is alive and well.  Can someone clarify why articles were written about Cordova like that?  When searching for "is apache cordova dead" all that comes up is article after article saying it is retired and devs should move on - mostly written in 2021.
> 

Tue, 25 Jul 2023 16:25:49 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Cordova is still actively developed and maintained, but mostly by volunteers in their spare time rather than by companies sponsoring full-time development. So the development pace is slower than in the past.
> 

Tue, 25 Jul 2023 16:26:17 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> What was retired around that date was some Microsoft thing that had cordova support
> 

Tue, 25 Jul 2023 16:27:14 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> oh, right... Microsoft stopped supporting Cordova apps in AppCentre, and the Internet ran with "Cordova no longer supported" as the headline
> 

Tue, 25 Jul 2023 16:27:42 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Adobe also retired PhoneGap in 2020, and that had some similar headlines
> 

Tue, 25 Jul 2023 16:28:24 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> Yeah, that was it
> 

Tue, 25 Jul 2023 16:28:29 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> <https://devblogs.microsoft.com/appcenter/announcing-apache-cordova-retirement/|https://devblogs.microsoft.com/appcenter/announcing-apache-cordova-retirement/>
> 

Tue, 25 Jul 2023 17:34:19 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Yah, basically different companies stated they are no longer supporting Cordova builds in whatever product solution they had. The apache cordova project itself is still healthy and maintained. But headlines makes it appear as if Apache Cordova itself is sunsetting, which is not the case.
> 

Tue, 25 Jul 2023 19:01:02 GMT

__@timbru__ says 
> I think I even complained to the AppCenter contact person and they’ve issued a corrected newsletter 😅
> 
