## Cordova Slack Digest
Tue, 28 Feb 2023 08:21:34 GMT

[User count: 4750](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(4 messages)_
---

Mon, 27 Feb 2023 20:07:23 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> Hi everybody, I have a question.
> 
> I have now paid app released, but I think subscription model can be more suitable for this case.
> What do you think of subscription model? There is a lot controversy about it on internet.
> 
> My thinking is that because of cheaper price (month Vs one time payment) there can be easier conversion rate, another benefit can be that people can cancel anytime.
> 
> Advantage for me is that if people like the app and are using it longer I can ear more etc.
> 
> What is your thoughts?  
> Thank you
> 

Mon, 27 Feb 2023 20:50:44 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I have a very old school thought process but personally I hate subscription model if the software I'm using I run completely locally. If it doesn't actually depend on a third-party remote service, it shouldn't be a subscription.
> 
> however my bias point of view is not really the today accepted standard point of view. There's a lot of software that isn't an online service, but are still subscription based. I think Adobe is one of those examples where they no longer offer a lifetime license that you can make a one-time payment for for a particular version of photoshop for example. They only offer subscription plans for access. And obviously there are pros and cons, pros is the subscription model is cheaper on the short term, and you (afaik) have access to the latest versions at any given time. The con is it's more expensive in the long term, you'll eventually make it to the point where the subscription model has caught up to what would have been a one-time purchase model (even if it was locked to a specific version...)
> 
> My work uses a SaaS (Software as a Service) model, so naturally we are subscription based, because not only they gain access to our apps, but we also host a lot of data for the clients.
> 
> Either way, I don't really think there is a right or wrong way. It's more or less a marketing problem. It's something you should think deeply about and choose a model that you believe in, a model that you think you can market well.
> 

Mon, 27 Feb 2023 21:22:55 GMT

__@harel.mazor__ says 
> My 2 cents: if you are selling something that continues to be maintained by you and that users get updates based on your work I think subscription is in place - you need to update the libraries, respond to help requests, add features, etc. For you it's not a one time effort, so I think the users should pay for that, and I believe a subscription is the right solution.
> 

Tue, 28 Feb 2023 06:44:14 GMT

__@e.birinnci__ says 
> Hi, I select and add a photo from the gallery in my cordova iOS application, but Null Returns Value and I get this error. Where do you think the problem, I gave the necessary camera and gallery permissions.   pic:<https://www.hizliresim.com/q5kbcfh>
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 28 Feb 2023 06:44:37 GMT

__@e.birinnci__ says 
> Hi, I select and add a photo from the gallery in my cordova iOS application, but Null Returns Value and I get this error. Where do you think the problem, I gave the necessary camera and gallery permissions.   pic:<https://www.hizliresim.com/q5kbcfh>
> 
