## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 25 Jan 2023 08:21:11 GMT

[User count: 4739](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(2 messages)_
---

Tue, 24 Jan 2023 14:54:21 GMT

__@vance.whitehouse__ says 
> Hello!  I hope posting this here isn't rude, but I noticed there hasn't been any traffic in the <#C0GJFTJP6|help> channel for over 3 months.
> 
> TLDR: Is anyone able to unzip files with cordova-plugin-zip (mine is from <https://github.com/alssl-ross/cordova-plugin-zip.git>) on cordova-android 11.0.0 targeting android SDK 30+?
> 
> I am having an issue unzipping downloaded .zip files in my application.  I can download the .zip file successfully to dataDirectory and start the unzip process enough to create an unzip destination subdirectory (if I pre-create the destination subdirectory, it doesn't help), but the cordova-plugin-zip stops immediately after that without outputting any unzipped files and without generating an error in console.log or logcat.  If I change the target SDK to 29, unzipping works fine (as does iOS).
> 
> I am also able to write a new .txt file to the dataDirectory using writeFile() and then read the contents correctly using readAsText() while targeting SDK 30, which is what makes me think it may be the new permissions and the zip plugin.
> 
> I have the READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE and WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE permissions in my manifest, and have asked for runtime permissions for the same using ionic-native/android-permissions.  I am under the impression that at least asking for those as runtime permissions shouldn't be necessary since these files are all in my application's private dataDirectory, so please correct me if I am wrong.
> 
> Is anyone else having this issue?  Is there something else for Android's scoped storage I missed?  Is there a better unzip plugin I should be using?  Please help.
> 

Tue, 24 Jan 2023 15:10:50 GMT

__@vance.whitehouse__ says 
> @norman137 Thanks for the quick reply!  I'll give that a try.
> 
