## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 11 Oct 2023 08:20:57 GMT

[User count: 4807](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #docs__ _(7 messages)_
---

Tue, 10 Oct 2023 12:35:34 GMT

__@kevin.sturman__ says 
> Hello there 👋
> I've been recently updating our works cordova apps from version 9 to the latest, and have found the docs a bit tricky to navigate. I've looked into the issue with the search. Looks like angolia returns results if there are no filters. Which makes me wonder if they're setup correctly. Not sure what process triggers the angolia crawl of the doc site on publish? <https://github.com/apache/cordova-docs/issues/1294>
> 

Tue, 10 Oct 2023 12:48:49 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> we probably need to update docsearch...
> 
> We are still using v1 which they don't even have documentation anymore
> 

Tue, 10 Oct 2023 12:49:02 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> they only go back to v2.... and their current version is v3
> 

Tue, 10 Oct 2023 12:49:27 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> v2 is also completely out of support and unmaintained
> 

Tue, 10 Oct 2023 13:27:27 GMT

__@kevin.sturman__ says 
> I did try using docsearch v3. Same problem again. I get results when not using the facetfilters, but then they're not scoped to doc version and language. So I got multiple same page results for `android` with different doc version links
> 

Tue, 10 Oct 2023 13:29:19 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> &gt; Crawls are handled by the Algolia Crawler and scheduled to run once a week by default, you can then trigger new crawls yourself and monitor them directly from the Crawler interface, which also offers a live editor where you can maintain your config.
> I don't actually have access to algolia dashboard so I don't think I can trigger a crawler but maybe its an indexing issue.
> 

Tue, 10 Oct 2023 13:30:44 GMT

__@kevin.sturman__ says 
> Maybe. I did look out to see if there were any links with version 12 in the url, I got mostly 6 and 7. Perhaps it hasn't been able to crawl the most recent doc changes?
> 
