## Cordova Slack Digest
Tue, 04 Apr 2023 08:21:00 GMT

[User count: 4759](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(8 messages)_
---

Mon, 03 Apr 2023 11:38:09 GMT

__@rubalgupta18__ says 
> Could you please share release plan for Android 13 (API level 33) and Android 14 support for Cordova since as per documentation only below is available :
> 
> cordova-android Version	Supported Android API-Levels	Equivalent Android Version
> 11.X.X	22 - 32	5.1 - 12.0.0 (L)
> 

Mon, 03 Apr 2023 13:06:02 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Official Support will come with cordova android v12 which is currently in development.
> 
> I however cannot speak to any sort of concrete release plan due to the volunteer nature of Apache projects. It will likely be before the end of August at the latest, which is when Google Play requirements comes into effect for both new and existing app updates.
> 

Mon, 03 Apr 2023 17:11:08 GMT

__@bigballi__ says 
> Any thoughts on why the main iOS app becomes unresponsive while a plugin is running? I tried creating a basic function in Objective-c that only has a 20 second delay to test this, while the javascript shows a timer. The timer is stuck until the plugin calls the callback.
> 

Mon, 03 Apr 2023 17:18:50 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Sounds like you might be running the task on the ui thread
> 

Mon, 03 Apr 2023 17:20:30 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> See <https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/11.x/guide/platforms/ios/plugin.html#threading> for an example on how to move work onto a different thread so it doesn't block the UI.
> 

Mon, 03 Apr 2023 17:32:15 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> Cordova apps already work on android 13 and android 14 devices.
> If you mean when cordova-android is going to target SDK 33, then, as Norman said, there is no exact date. We are waiting for gradle plugin 8 release, that will probably not happen until the first week of May (because google IO is around that date and google usually releases a new android studio a few days before the event with latest updates). Once it’s released we will update and test it and make other possible changes we might need because of the update.
> 

Mon, 03 Apr 2023 20:58:35 GMT

__@bigballi__ says 
> It worked, thanks! i was using native dispatch_async but cordova's runInBackground worked.
> 

Tue, 04 Apr 2023 07:08:52 GMT

__@marek.kozela__ says 
> Hi everyone,
> 
> I want to run preload script in electron settings JSON file. My settings.json file is:
> ```{
>  "browserWindow": {
>   "width": 1280,
>   "height": 768,
>   "minWidth": 1280,
>   "minHeight": 768,
>   "resizable": true,
>   "fullscreen": false,
>   "webPreferences": {
>    "nodeIntegration": false,
>    "contextIsolation": true,
>    "preload": "preload.js"
>   }
>  }
> }```
> These settings are imported via config.xml file like this:
> ```&lt;platform name="electron"&gt;
>     &lt;preference name="ElectronSettingsFilePath" value="resources/electron/settings.json" /&gt;
> &lt;/platform&gt;```
> In www folder I added preload.js file with some dummy code:
> ```const { contextBridge } = require('electron');
> 
> contextBridge.exposeInMainWorld("api", {
>  sendToA: function() {
>   ipcRenderer.send("A");
>  },
>  receiveFromD: function(func) {
>   ipcRenderer.on("D", (event, ...args) =&gt; func(event, ...args));
>  }
> });```
> I run this command: *cordova run electron --nobuild* but when I tried to log window.api in the console it is undefined.
> 
> In my current project I used cordova add platform electron (version 3.1.0) and I see that this command created a new folder in the root of my project: _platforms/electron/platform_www/cdv-electron-preload.js._
> 
> Am I missing something? Can someone help me how to properly use preload.js file? Thanks a lot.
> 

### __Channel #random__ _(10 messages)_
---

Mon, 03 Apr 2023 17:42:37 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> I'm sure this is extremely relatable to anyone who has Cordova apps that target iOS: <https://www.construct.net/en/blogs/ashleys-blog-2/safari-releases-development-1616> (particularly the folks whose `position: fixed` stuff all broke in iOS 16.4 for no apparent reason and with no workaround available)
> 

Mon, 03 Apr 2023 20:08:50 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> One question please, I like Cordova to develop in Cordova, but I would also like to try Ionic with Capacitor. Any chance how I can have both installed on Windows machine without need for virtual machine to separate the environments? Thank you
> 

Mon, 03 Apr 2023 20:19:05 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> should be able just to install ionic from npm
> 

Mon, 03 Apr 2023 20:19:10 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> or capacitorjs from npm
> 

Mon, 03 Apr 2023 20:19:32 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> the ionic tool will setup a project using capacitor by default these days
> 

Mon, 03 Apr 2023 20:20:36 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> You should be able to have both installed without any conflicts
> 

Mon, 03 Apr 2023 23:42:05 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> Thank you
> 

Tue, 04 Apr 2023 06:28:02 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> You can add capacitor to your existing cordova project without problems, as long as you have your iOS and android platforms added already, if you try to add iOS or android cordova platforms after adding capacitor iOS or android cordova CLI gets confused because of capacitor using iOS and android folders on the root of the project, so cordova things those are local cordova platforms, but they are not
> 

Tue, 04 Apr 2023 06:28:29 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> You don’t need ionic if you are not using ionic already, capacitor is framework agnostic
> 

Tue, 04 Apr 2023 06:29:49 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> If you want to create a new project, then no conflict at all, you create an ionic app with capacitor and that’s all
> 
