## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 26 Apr 2023 08:20:57 GMT

[User count: 4762](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(5 messages)_
---

Tue, 25 Apr 2023 14:59:59 GMT

__@brando2147__ says 
> anybody using cordova-ios 6.3.0? too early to upgrade for production you think?
> 

Tue, 25 Apr 2023 21:20:09 GMT

__@eugene.trusevich__ says 
> hi guys, maybe someone can help or explain next:
> I use node -v v16.13.2
> and I used npm@6 for cordova prepare [ios or android does not mean] --verbose
> and all was ok, but when I updated to npm@7  (I reinstalled cordova@10 globally and etc of course, `npm cache clean --force` + checked with different plugins) but plugin fetch very very slowly,
> with npm8-9 the same, I tryed with next `spec="[my local path]"`  the same, they fetched but slowly,
> I checked all issues with npm 7 , cordova-fetch, and etc. and it is not related now, I used macos as build machine, not windows/linux
> 
> can you pls provide what are you use with npm/nodeJS and about speed
> 

Tue, 25 Apr 2023 21:40:17 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Assuming you don't have a slow internet connection (installing a local file still hits the network for dependencies and such)
> 
> The main difference between NPM 6 and NPM 7 I think is the change in package-locks and it being significantly more correct about the dependencies that it installs/syncs. In otherwords there was a lot of cases where NPM 6 won't install the correct dependency tree according to v1 of package-lock, leading to two machines potentially with different runtime code installed and difference in behaviour.
> 
> <https://github.blog/2021-02-02-npm-7-is-now-generally-available/>
> 

Tue, 25 Apr 2023 21:43:01 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Also if you're cleaning your cache often, then you can expect NPM to be slow, because that means you need to not only hit the network but to also download ad unpack a lot of files.
> 

Tue, 25 Apr 2023 21:44:11 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> FWIW, I generally use the latest or near latest versions of node and npm, i generally don't update NPM unless if I have a really good reason to, but I use whatever default NPM version that ships with a particular Node version.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(15 messages)_
---

Tue, 25 Apr 2023 15:36:44 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Has anyone managed to run Android emulators for Android 14? They all hang on boot for me at the Google logo on both my M1 MacBook Pro and on Linux 😕
> 

Tue, 25 Apr 2023 15:46:21 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I'll give it a quick run here, installing it now
> 

Tue, 25 Apr 2023 15:55:29 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Launches fine for me on linux...
> 
> I updated cmdline-tools to 9.0
> Installed the SDK Platform (revision 3)
> Instaleld Google Play Intel x86_64 Atom system image (rev 3)
> Installed Build-Tools 34.0.0-rc3
> Updated Android Emulator to 32.1.12
> And Android SDK Platform-Tools 34.0.1
> 

Tue, 25 Apr 2023 15:56:08 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Also ensured I use a Google Play emulator when crating a new emulator
> 

Tue, 25 Apr 2023 15:57:00 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> weird, it starts booting and then gets to the Google logo and just sits there for me 😕
> 

Tue, 25 Apr 2023 15:57:10 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> try a cold boot?
> 

Tue, 25 Apr 2023 15:58:51 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I've had hangs happen to me before, rather frequently, but never really related to any particular emulator.
> 
> Usually exiting the emulator and doing a cold boot fixes it for me.
> 

Tue, 25 Apr 2023 16:25:13 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> I've tried cold booting, I've tried destroying and re-creating the AVD multiple times, I've tried rebooting my laptop several times
> 

Tue, 25 Apr 2023 17:06:09 GMT

__@timbru__ says 
> Did boot on my M1 Pro.
> 

Tue, 25 Apr 2023 17:11:20 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Weird, okay... must be some issue with my setup then
> 

Tue, 25 Apr 2023 17:11:43 GMT

__@timbru__ says 
> Sadly yes.
> 

Tue, 25 Apr 2023 17:12:23 GMT

__@timbru__ says 
> Maybe re-install the SDK via the SDK Manager?
> 

Tue, 25 Apr 2023 17:12:58 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> you can also try starting the emualtor via CLI... it's stdout/stderr might explain what's going on
> 

Tue, 25 Apr 2023 17:13:12 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> starting from android studio GUI tells you nothing
> 

Tue, 25 Apr 2023 17:13:20 GMT

__@timbru__ says 
> And/or the system images for the emulators
> 
