## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 19 May 2023 08:20:37 GMT

[User count: 4771](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(2 messages)_
---

Thu, 18 May 2023 22:05:45 GMT

__@jacobsgur__ says 
> Since updating from Intel to M2 Mac, both the Android and iOS bundles of my app have more than doubled in size. Is this expected?
> 

Fri, 19 May 2023 00:02:15 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Assuming that you're using all the same versions of everything, I would expect a no change, regardless of builds from different host CPU architectures.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(9 messages)_
---

Thu, 18 May 2023 18:49:00 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> <https://webkit.org/blog/14154/webkit-features-in-safari-16-5/>
> 

Thu, 18 May 2023 20:55:03 GMT

__@bigballi__ says 
> Will all this work out-of-the-box in Cordova or undetermined, like it used to be with UIWebView?
> 

Thu, 18 May 2023 20:57:22 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> If it's supported in WKWebView, then it should be supported in cordova
> 

Thu, 18 May 2023 20:57:33 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Sometimes features makes it into Safari, but not in WKWebView...
> 

Thu, 18 May 2023 20:57:54 GMT

__@bigballi__ says 
> right, I guess that's what I was asking... will need to wait and see what gets shipped.
> 

Thu, 18 May 2023 20:58:28 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Yah, if a beta is available you might be able to install it on an ios device and see
> 

Thu, 18 May 2023 20:58:59 GMT

__@bigballi__ says 
> (not that there's anything particularly thrilling 😅)
> 

Thu, 18 May 2023 21:00:56 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> `:user-invalid` seems pretty thrilling... been wanting that for almost 10 years. Shame I'll need to wait another 4 for it to actually work on all supported iOS versions (and Chrome still doesn't support it at all)
> 

Thu, 18 May 2023 21:01:12 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Same with CSS nesting (even though I think CSS nesting in general is a bad idea)
> 

### __Channel #plugins__ _(1 messages)_
---

Thu, 18 May 2023 12:30:17 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> It's gotten pretty stale, it was never merged cause usually we want at least two PMC members to give a review.
> 
> However if you're trying to use it as a workaround to safe area insets, it's not even sufficient. It will get you the top area inset, but it won't get you left/right/bottom.
> 
> My workplace created a plugin for that problem called `@totalpave/cordova-plugin-insets` (<https://github.com/totalpaveinc/cordova-plugin-insets>)
> 
> It's implemented for android-only because iOS has native support for safe area insets. The android plugin offers an API to either get the last known inset information or to listen to inset changes (which will happen on orientation change for example).
> 
> It doesn't do anything more then that, so if you want to use the values from CSS like the `safe-area-*` css values, you'll need to bind them yourself. We didn't do that ourselves because binding CSS is incredibly slow, so instead we just adjusted our root app container accordingly.
> 
> I think someone (maybe you) made a discussion post on this... so I guess I'll copy and paste this there too...
> 
