## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 18 Jan 2023 08:21:18 GMT

[User count: 4735](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(7 messages)_
---

Tue, 17 Jan 2023 10:37:57 GMT

__@eugene.trusevich__ says 
> I use swift in my cordova plugins )
> Maybe you can share some examples what is better , because I can not understand what is exactly
> 

Tue, 17 Jan 2023 10:39:18 GMT

__@timbru__ says 
> my plugins are also 100% based on Swift.
> We’ve added Kotlin and Swift support some major versions ago.
> Apache Cordova also supports Pods since ages 😄
> 

Tue, 17 Jan 2023 13:11:31 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> The plugins and platforms are part of the final app, shouldn’t they be dependencies instead of dev dependencies?
> I’ve seen people facing problems of not finding platforms/plugins on their CI/CD because the install command didn’t install dev dependencies. While the CLI copies the plugins and platforms code, to copy it, it needs to be installed first.
> 

Tue, 17 Jan 2023 14:50:47 GMT

__@rakesh.athuru__ says 
> I too think, plugins and platforms should be part of dependencies for the reason mentioned above, plus to have tooling to scan dependencies and report security issues/risks work correctly
> 

Tue, 17 Jan 2023 17:08:56 GMT

__@brando2147__ says 
> @harel.mazor How involved was the migration? How long did it take to get everything stable?
> 

Tue, 17 Jan 2023 17:39:50 GMT

__@harel.mazor__ says 
> A few working days. There were a few problems that I caught later on related to deep links.
> Here's my progress if this interests you:
> <https://github.com/IsraelHikingMap/Site/issues/1698|https://github.com/IsraelHikingMap/Site/issues/1698>
> 

Tue, 17 Jan 2023 20:46:54 GMT

__@brando2147__ says 
> This is awesome @harel.mazor Thank you. I will definitely look at this when I am forced to migrate
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 17 Jan 2023 22:51:49 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> Hey I've just upgraded to `cordova-android` v11, so I'm removing some plugins but want to check how this will affect my iOS version.
> 
> Does  `cordova-plugin-splashscreen` get used by `cordova-ios` at all? Maybe depending on the version?
> 
> `cordova-plugin-whitelist`  is no longer needed form version 6 onwards right?
> 
