## Cordova Slack Digest
Tue, 29 Aug 2023 08:20:45 GMT

[User count: 4796](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(8 messages)_
---

Mon, 28 Aug 2023 16:43:53 GMT

__@spamact__ says 
> Hi everyone, I’m trying to get a definitive answer on something… all the info online looks old (&gt;5 years). Is there a way to get Cordova to work with self-signed certificates? We have a customer who doesn’t use externally-signed certs and needs to use our Cordova app within their own network. And if there is a way to do this, am I right that an app that uses self-signed certs wouldn’t be allowed onto the Google Play store? Thanks!
> 

Mon, 28 Aug 2023 16:54:47 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> This isn't an area I have good expertise on, but if they are hitting a server that uses a self-signed certificate, I believe it will work for as long as the certificate is in their trusted certificate store, which is something that would have to be configured on the device manually.
> 
> Cordova ignores SSL errors in debug mode to easily support development environments using self-signed certs, but will throw on SSL errors in release mode, but Cordova doesn't actually implement SSL validation itself, it's just responds to delegate methods. So if the self signed certificate is added as a trusted authority in the OS, then I believe those delegate methods won't be thrown.
> 
> <https://proxyman.io/posts/2020-09-29-Install-And-Trust-Self-Signed-Certificate-On-Android-11> is a guide to install self signed certificates on the device, but it might be slightly different depending on the android version.
> 

Mon, 28 Aug 2023 16:55:31 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Android 10 it seems to be: Settings -&gt; Biometrics and Security -&gt; Other security settings -&gt;Install from device storage
> 

Mon, 28 Aug 2023 16:58:01 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Using self-signed certiifcates only really makes sense if the app is only going to be used on corporate controlled devices, which sounds like is the case in your situation.
> 

Mon, 28 Aug 2023 17:02:21 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> As far as Google Play is concerned, they want you to use https where possible, and using self-signed certificates fulfils that requirement, even if the certificate can't be verified by a trusted root provider, as long as the device itself trusts it, then that's sufficient.
> 
> e.g. the app published on Google Play shouldn't ignore SSL issues like cordova debug builds does, but a trusted self-signed certificate shouldn't raise any SSL issues provided that the certificate hasn't expired.
> 
> Obviously I cannot speak for Google but this is my interpretation of their policies.
> 

Mon, 28 Aug 2023 18:02:29 GMT

__@spamact__ says 
> Norman, thank you so much for your quick and detailed response! I really appreciate your help. I think I know how to proceed, now. 🙂
> 

Mon, 28 Aug 2023 18:10:00 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Personally I'd use letsencrypt but sometimes you have no choice but to jump through hoops
> 

Tue, 29 Aug 2023 01:58:31 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> Hello, one question about google play policy please.
> I got this email and one of my app was removed from Play store.
> The app have associated the same privacy policy page as others apps, which is accessible, so this should be not a problem (Its just simple game no permissions needed).
> I am little bit unsure about the: "Be linked on your app's store listing page in Play Console and within the app itself."
> 
> Does this mean that each app should have a link to privacy policy page from the app itself?
> 
> Thank you for your input
> 
> P.S. this is the link to the Privacy policy page (its generic and common to all my apps)
> <https://www.keev.es/privacy-policy.html>
> 
