## Cordova Slack Digest
Sun, 27 Aug 2023 08:19:47 GMT

[User count: 4796](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(2 messages)_
---

Sat, 26 Aug 2023 12:16:24 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> That's odd. I manage my own servers on AWS and that's where our privacy policy page is hosted. It's simply on an EC2 instance and provided through our web server. I occasionally do server restarts to apply security updates which the privacy policy which while restarting the page won't be available. I don't have a large infrastructure to guarantee uptime across all of our resources. But I never had that kind of issue with Google. And even if Google does have an issue with something, they always seem to give a warning in the console inbox before they take an actual action in my experience.
> 
> But yah using something that can guarantee more uptime like a CDN would probably be in your best interest. Cloudflare like Erisu mentioned is probably the best option since it's not really just a CDN they are a company that sets reliance is the most important goal. Alternatively if you're the one shutting down doing the "maintenance", you could move the privacy policy on a different server, or have redundant fallbacks and make sure that you're updates and maintenance doesn't overlap. But that route doesn't make much sense financial-wise unless if you already have that kind of system in-place for other reasons.
> 

Sat, 26 Aug 2023 16:34:45 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> Thanks for the replies, I am investigating the Cloudflare option.
> What you think about placing privacy policy on GitHub?
> 
