## Cordova Slack Digest
Sat, 30 Sep 2023 08:20:08 GMT

[User count: 4804](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(10 messages)_
---

Fri, 29 Sep 2023 13:19:59 GMT

__@lz1ncs__ says 
> hi folks, i'm going through a peculiar situation with my cordova-android apps, eventually the requests made by the cordova app to my API, don't send some headers that i use to identify the apps and release the requests.
> 
> For me, the header that I need and is missing is "HTTP_X_REQUESTED_WITH", which in normal situations, comes from the packageName of the app that we configured in config.xml.
> 
> has anyone experienced anything like this or has any advice? it only happens on some android devices, most work perfectly, and send the header with the expected value.
> 

Fri, 29 Sep 2023 13:23:43 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> <https://android-developers.googleblog.com/2023/02/improving-user-privacy-by-requiring-opt-in-to-send-x-requested-wih-header-from-webview.html>
> 
> Might be related?
> 

Fri, 29 Sep 2023 13:25:56 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> the requested with isn't a standard header but was commonly tacked on by webview implementations and it seems like they (or at least chrome) is now disabling that by default as a trial... it doesn't seem to go into detail about how one can opt back into having that header sent.
> 

Fri, 29 Sep 2023 13:26:35 GMT

__@lz1ncs__ says 
> maybe, I'm reading the article now
> 

Fri, 29 Sep 2023 13:30:20 GMT

__@lz1ncs__ says 
> this is probably the problem, he doesn't give many details, but apparently I can manually define this HEADER in my javascript interface, and it will be sent in the request.
> 

Fri, 29 Sep 2023 13:30:43 GMT

__@lz1ncs__ says 
> thanks for your help @norman137
> 

Fri, 29 Sep 2023 13:30:51 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> if you use XHR or whatever, then yah you could just manually add the header yourself
> 

Fri, 29 Sep 2023 13:31:30 GMT

__@lz1ncs__ says 
> i'm use ember.js with FETCH API
> 

Fri, 29 Sep 2023 13:33:12 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I tend to stick old school APIs just because I'm more familiar with it and the fetch API I think is a slightly more limited, but easier to use, but I do think it still supports attaching headers on the request.
> 

Fri, 29 Sep 2023 13:48:40 GMT

__@lz1ncs__ says 
> yes, it is supported
> 
> but I'm also looking into alternative solutions. But just discovering the problem helps me a lot![
> 
> thank you very much indeed!
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(3 messages)_
---

Fri, 29 Sep 2023 13:51:11 GMT

__@lukas__ says 
> What is a good way of setting the other linker flags (`OTHER_LDFLAGS`) for an Xcode project programatically?
> I need to add the flag _`-ld64`_ to use the <https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode-release-notes/xcode-15-release-notes#Linking|old linking>.
> First I wanted to simply write it in the `.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj` as it was added there when I manually added it via Xcode. Unfortunately the entry `OTHER_LDFLAGS` does not exist yet when the project is first created from scratch (only after adding it in Xcode).
> 

Fri, 29 Sep 2023 13:53:05 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Sounds like <https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/dev/guide/platforms/ios/index.html#xcode-build-flags> is what you want
> 

Fri, 29 Sep 2023 13:54:50 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I think it would just be `--buildFlag="OTHER_LDFLAGS=-ld64"`
> 
> You can also add the flag to your `build.json` file so you don't need to add it on every CLI call
> 
