## Cordova Slack Digest
Tue, 18 Jul 2023 08:21:02 GMT

[User count: 4788](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 18 Jul 2023 03:49:29 GMT

__@brando2147__ says 
> is there a good resource that will make it easy to get a quote on what it would take to build an ionic/cordova app, is there a standard quote to implement cordova at all or per plugin?  or maybe to convert a pwa to mobile adding cordova?
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(8 messages)_
---

Mon, 17 Jul 2023 13:52:50 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Is there a proper way of throwing errors during `pluginInitialize` routine?
> 
> e.g.
> 
> ```@Override
>     protected void pluginInitialize() {
>         $databases = new HashMap&lt;Long, Database&gt;();
> 
>         File cacheDir = this.cordova.getContext().getCacheDir();
>         File sqliteTempDir = new File(cacheDir, "sqlite3");
>         sqliteTempDir.mkdir();
> 
>         try {
>             Sqlite.setTempDir(sqliteTempDir.getAbsolutePath());
>         }
>         catch(SqliteException ex) {
>             // ?
>         }
>     }```
> 

Mon, 17 Jul 2023 14:10:50 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Non-fatally? Not sure 😕
> 

Mon, 17 Jul 2023 14:39:42 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> yah looking at the framework now, it's either handle it or die.
> 

Mon, 17 Jul 2023 14:41:49 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> or move it out and have my own JS init method
> 

Mon, 17 Jul 2023 14:44:31 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I think i'll log it and hope for the best 🙃
> 

Mon, 17 Jul 2023 15:05:51 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Depending on what you're doing (i.e., opening a SQLite database) you could store whether it failed and then make subsequent API calls reject
> 

Mon, 17 Jul 2023 15:09:18 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> sqlite uses tmp directories but fails to find the proper tmp directory on android (and presumably ios).. probably tries to use hte OS /tmp path, but for android that's not writable by apps. The native sqlite client prebuilt on android i guess uses a built that forces memory only, but we sometimes do large queries in which case it makes use of tmp files... so we've built a JNI method to instruct the SQLite C runtime where the temp directory should be, which needs to happen preferably on startup, definitely before any DBs are actually opened.
> 

Mon, 17 Jul 2023 15:10:19 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> if it fails, it won't really prevent sqlite from doing it's thing unless if you're trying to run a large query.
> 
