## Cordova Slack Digest
Sun, 09 Apr 2023 08:20:32 GMT

[User count: 4759](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(7 messages)_
---

Sun, 09 Apr 2023 02:31:07 GMT

__@bigballi__ says 
> Anyone else having issues with Xcode 14.3?
> Cannot build for Simulator or device anymore.
> Throws build failed with error:
> File not found: /Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer/Toolchains/XcodeDefault.xctoolchain/usr/lib/arc/libarclite_iphonesimulator.a
> (libarclite_iphoneos.a for device).
> 
> I seem to understand it has to do with a a Pod having a low deployment target (SSZipArchive is the culprit for me, dependency of com.jjdltc.cordova.plugin.zip) but I'm unable to track it down.
> 
> Obviously I could revert to previous Xcode or download the missing file but I'd rather not have a "dirty" project.
> 

Sun, 09 Apr 2023 02:45:25 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Not me, but glancing through google, it does seem like that will likely occur if you import a library that has a lower minimum deployment target than what xcode supports... which for xcode 14.3 that seems to be iOS 11
> 
> SSZipArchive appears to use iOS 9.
> 

Sun, 09 Apr 2023 02:47:01 GMT

__@bigballi__ says 
> I was able to fix by upping deployment target for SSZipArchive via Xcode Pod manager.
> Cleanest solution.
> 

Sun, 09 Apr 2023 02:47:20 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Yah that seems to be what people do
> 

Sun, 09 Apr 2023 02:47:24 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> like here <https://stackoverflow.com/a/75729977/4685664> via a pod file
> 

Sun, 09 Apr 2023 02:47:52 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> example uses 13.0 but comments says 11.0 works too, and that makes sense since 11.0 is selectable in the UI in xcode
> 

Sun, 09 Apr 2023 02:48:09 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> the cordova framework is using 11.0 as the minimum deployment target still.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(1 messages)_
---

Sat, 08 Apr 2023 12:48:18 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> If you're setting up a new machine, make sure you install gradle 7 rather than 8. Gradle 8 doesn't work with AGP at all (not even the gradle wrapper step). You'll run into <https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/254049155?pli=1>
> 
