## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 10 Feb 2023 08:21:23 GMT

[User count: 4745](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(3 messages)_
---

Thu, 09 Feb 2023 21:15:56 GMT

__@dimitri__ says 
> Hey guys, I have a question.. Theoretically would it be possible to view what android permissions you're allowed at runtime? I say this because I've tried to use the permissions plugin to see which permission I had, for example READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE, and I'd console log the result to then view it in the chrome inspector (still using a physical device) but it would come out to false. This is using SDK 33
> 

Thu, 09 Feb 2023 21:48:04 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I believe there is a way to query the current permission states programmatically, but cordova itself doesn't have any API that does that.
> 
> `READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE` is obsolete in API 33 and is now a no-op. It doesn't grant you any special ability to read external files anymore.
> 
> Instead you have 3 granular permissions:
> 
> - READ_MEDIA_AUDIO
> - READ_MEDIA_IMAGES
> - READ_MEDIA_VIDEO
> So might be why it's always "false" on API 33.
> 
> See <https://developer.android.com/reference/android/Manifest.permission#READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE>
> 
> For other files like Documents / Downloads aren't readable through normal file system APIs, except for files that your app creates. Only apps can read their own files, and sharing requires the app that wrote the file to have content provider. Fom what I can parse from the docs anyway.
> 

Thu, 09 Feb 2023 21:49:59 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> `READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE` is still necessary to support older devices, so you should still declare it and fallback to it on API &lt;= 28
> 
