## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 13 Sep 2023 08:20:48 GMT

[User count: 4799](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(7 messages)_
---

Tue, 12 Sep 2023 13:01:13 GMT

__@pablo.caselas__ says 
> Hi! when using FileOpener2 on android 11+ I am unable to open a pdf with adobe reader, it seems it has to do with MediaStore API changes. Did anybody run into this issue?
> 

Tue, 12 Sep 2023 13:05:07 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> Looks more like not having proper queries in the android manifest
> 

Tue, 12 Sep 2023 13:06:17 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> If it was a permission problem it would be android 13+ only
> 

Tue, 12 Sep 2023 13:07:56 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Scoped storage does restrict accessing document files via filesystem if the file is not owned by the application. If they want access to document files, it needs to go through the MediaStore / content provider APIs instead of file system APIs.
> 
> But I'm not familiar with FileOpener2 or the adobe reader to say if that's the issue in this particular case.
> 

Tue, 12 Sep 2023 13:21:05 GMT

__@pablo.caselas__ says 
> it’s not android 13+ only, fails on 11+
> 

Tue, 12 Sep 2023 13:21:29 GMT

__@pablo.caselas__ says 
> it opens with some apps though. google drive opens the file, for instance
> 

Tue, 12 Sep 2023 15:04:15 GMT

__@pablo.caselas__ says 
> @jcesarmobile what would the proper queries for that in the android manifest would be? I’m not sure I understand what you’re pointing out.
> Basically I am saving the files in cordova.file.externalCacheDirectory, and then calling fileOpener2.open(file) but if I choose adobe reader (or many others like office 365) I get redirected to the adobe and then back to my app with the following error message:
> 
