## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 10 Aug 2023 08:20:48 GMT

[User count: 4793](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-electron__ _(1 messages)_
---

Wed, 09 Aug 2023 16:48:02 GMT

__@ebrommers__ says 
> Hi all - I've been trying to get a build of my existing app on the electron platform from my macOS machine. I seem to recall it working a while back, but I think that was on an older Macbook Pro (x86 --&gt; now on M1).
> I just installed Python 2.7.x to its default location, then re-ran `cordova build electron` , but I'm still getting `Exit code: ENOENT. spawn /usr/bin/python ENOENT` . Looks like the script is looking for python in `/usr/bin` but the default install location is `/usr/local/bin`? Any idea how to fix this? This is for grins at this point, but I might want to release on Linux, etc. at some point down the road.
> 
> *edit:* ran the build again with --verbose on to get the error stack:
>  `Error: Exit code: ENOENT. spawn /usr/bin/python ENOENT`
>   at /[my app path]/node_modules/cordova-electron/node_modules/builder-util/src/util.ts:133:18
>   at exithandler (node:child_process:408:5)
>   at ChildProcess.errorhandler (node:child_process:420:5)
>   at ChildProcess.emit (node:events:513:28)
>   at Process.ChildProcess._handle.onexit (node:internal/child_process:289:12)
>   at onErrorNT (node:internal/child_process:478:16)
>   at processTicksAndRejections (node:internal/process/task_queues:83:21)
> 
> Looks like the `builder-util` version is 22.14.13 -- about 18 months old (current builder-util is 24.5.0 in the <https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-builder/tree/master/packages|electron builder packages> ). Not sure if that's helpful. Has anyone been able to get a successful electron build on an M1 Mac?
> 
