## Cordova Slack Digest
Tue, 22 Aug 2023 08:20:40 GMT

[User count: 4795](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(10 messages)_
---

Mon, 21 Aug 2023 13:58:14 GMT

__@brando2147__ says 
> Secondary question, do ALL android apps have to be updated to SDK 33 before August 31st? or only if you are submitting a new version? because we are on 31 but I was under the impression we didn’t have to update it specially, we just had to make sure when we did submit a new version it had to be SDK 33 after August 31st
> 

Mon, 21 Aug 2023 14:01:06 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> At the end of August, all app publishing must be targeting API 33.
> 
> At the end of August, if you have an existing app that has a target SDK of less than 31, they will no longer be visible to users on the Google Play store.
> At the end of August, if you have an existing app that is targetking SDK 31 or 32, the app will still be visible and installable by users, but you cannot deploy any updates to the app unless if the update is targeting API 33.
> 
> That's my interpretation anyway.
> 

Mon, 21 Aug 2023 14:02:54 GMT

__@brando2147__ says 
> thank you that was my understanding as well,
> 

Mon, 21 Aug 2023 14:03:08 GMT

__@brando2147__ says 
> did you have an idea about the fingerprint thing?
> 

Mon, 21 Aug 2023 14:03:16 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Nope, not a plugin I use
> 

Mon, 21 Aug 2023 14:03:48 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> It's why I didn't really reply. But @niklasmerz maybe knows, it looks like that's his fork of the plugin.
> 

Mon, 21 Aug 2023 14:04:39 GMT

__@brando2147__ says 
> no worries you have answered probably every other question I have asked
> 

Mon, 21 Aug 2023 14:05:55 GMT

__@brando2147__ says 
> and i greatly appreciate it
> 

Mon, 21 Aug 2023 14:07:09 GMT

__@brando2147__ says 
> @niklasmerz the finger cordova-plugin-fingerprint-aio plugin is requiring a fingerprint whenever the app is minimized in android, but only seems to happen on some devices and/or android versions. is there a way to control that behavior?
> 

Mon, 21 Aug 2023 14:15:51 GMT

__@niklasmerz__ says 
> The fingerprint plugin uses the standard API provided by Android. Each device manifacturer can implement it slightly differently. My guess this is just how it's implemented. But I have to admit I haven't used the plugin for a while and there could be some way to change that behaviour in app or plugin code.
> 
