## Cordova Slack Digest
Tue, 05 Dec 2023 08:20:52 GMT

[User count: 4816](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(6 messages)_
---

Mon, 04 Dec 2023 18:40:38 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> excuse one more question:
> Is there a easy way how to upgrade old Cordova project (cordova and its plugins?)
> thank you
> 

Mon, 04 Dec 2023 18:47:33 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> kinda depends on the project and whether it confirms to good practices, and exactly how old the project is and whether if it's been regularly maintained.
> 
> For example, it's probably easy enough to update a cordova-android@11 project to cordova-android@12. Much harder to update a project using cordova-android@6 to cordova-android@12. The older the project is, the more likeliness there will be breaking changes that will need to be addressed. And going from a really old project to modern versions will likely result in **many** breaking changes that would have accumulated across several major versions.
> 
> Cordova writes and manages stuff inside the platforms/ directory. If you make manual custom modifications to the native project without using hooks or plugins, it will be very hard to upgrade the platforms.
> 

Mon, 04 Dec 2023 18:59:52 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> I would start by updating the Cordova CLI tool to latest, and then probably try stepping up platform and plugins one major version at a time
> 

Mon, 04 Dec 2023 19:05:31 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> Hi, Norman,
> yes I understand the breaking changes thing, but how to actually update?
> Should I simply install over the previous versions? Like
> ```npm install -g cordova```
> or
> ```cordova platform rm android```
> +
> ```cordova platform add android```
> or is there some sort of update script?
> 

Mon, 04 Dec 2023 19:06:25 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> removing and adding is the best approach
> 

Mon, 04 Dec 2023 19:35:52 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> ok thank you both
> 
