## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 05 May 2023 08:20:43 GMT

[User count: 4767](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-electron__ _(7 messages)_
---

Thu, 04 May 2023 12:07:07 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> You might be able to set `extraResources` with this in the `build.json` file.
> 
> ```{
>   "electron": {
>     "mac": {
>       "package": [],
>       "extraResources": {
>         "from": "./res/electron/extraResources/",
>         "to": "extraResources",
>         "filter": [
>           "**/*"
>         ]
>       }
>     }
>   }
> }```
> I haven't confirmed if the contents are placed in the package. What I had confirmed is that the path is being read. If the path was incorrect an error is displayed.
> 
> You will need to manually set the `"package": [],` when you add something custom. Without it there is a warning of missing settings.. If you leave a blank array, it will take the defaults.
> 

Thu, 04 May 2023 12:08:29 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> @miroslav.vojtus Hope this helps.
> 

Thu, 04 May 2023 12:16:55 GMT

__@miroslav.vojtus__ says 
> Thanks @erisu. I assume this is for the project level. As I wrote I know that but I am looking for plugin level definition.
> To give you context. I am working on a plugin I would like to share with multiple other projects which somehow incorporates java and needs jre to work properly. We do  not want to rely on users system installed java but rather distribute a specific version of openJDK (temurin) together with the application.
> Is there a way I can specify it in plugin I create or each consumer of the plugin will need to somehow affect the build.json as you recommended?
> 

Thu, 04 May 2023 12:27:23 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> hmm at a plugin level I am not sure.
> 
> As of right now, you might have to use a hook script..
> 
> For example you can define `before_compile`, which might be the right time…
> 
> The script would inject, or create if missing, the `package.json` build settings.
> 
> I believe you can define it there as well.. but make sure your updating the package.json in platforms/electron dir. not the main project's package.json
> 
> Also confirm if there is any conflicts with the way Cordova defines the settings..
> 

Thu, 04 May 2023 12:27:51 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> Also you will have to figure out where those files are located.. when they use cordova plugin add, I think a copy of the content is stored in the plugins dir.
> 

Thu, 04 May 2023 12:30:04 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> I would also recommend you write those settings in when missing.. but when if settings already exist you will have to think about how to clobber the object to ensure that your not removing what potential another plugin might do..
> 

Thu, 04 May 2023 12:31:05 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> But other then that, we don't have any implementation for the resource-file as you pointed out, and maybe something could be added.. Just need to figure out the specifications to achieve it and how to ensure no plugin conflicts with each other.
> 
