## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 09 May 2024 08:20:55 GMT

[User count: 4858](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(2 messages)_
---

Wed, 08 May 2024 15:05:51 GMT

__@peter.cutting__ says 
> today I noticed that I can no longer debug an android build (in chrome inspect) if I distribute using diawi. I checked a 2nd app and got the same result (built on same laptop). no source files are shown.
> if I run the app (cordova run android) which downloads it directly to the phone then I *can* debug the source
> But if I build the app (cordova build android) and use diawi, then source debugging is not working.
> (I believe the --debug switch is default. have never needed it in years of developing).
> AFAIK nothing has changed on my laptop so I am really confused
> 

Wed, 08 May 2024 15:17:18 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> `--debug` switch is enabled by default. It's only disabled if `--release` is present.
> 
> Idk what diawi is but if it works via `cordova run android` (which simply just deploys the app via adb) then it suggests an an issue with diawi
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(1 messages)_
---

Wed, 08 May 2024 19:33:35 GMT

__@andrew124__ says 
> I have a cordova app that is using the `InAppBrowser` plugin and I'm calling `cordova.InAppBrowser.open` to get in in app browser with the close button. This works correctly for web and ios, but for some reason on my android, no window opens.
> 
> More confusingly, I made a minimum reproduction and android does work. Any random thoughts on why this might be happening?
> 
