## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 03 Jan 2024 08:20:58 GMT

[User count: 4819](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(2 messages)_
---

Tue, 02 Jan 2024 14:00:37 GMT

__@a.kravchuk__ says 
> Hi, did anyone ever observed issues with xhr requests being canceled on ios devices after screen was locked?
> I found this issue on <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/43505618/failed-to-load-resource-the-network-connection-was-lost-safari> saying that WKWebView has been “optimized” to not make network connections while screen is locked. So as soon as cordova ios is using WKWebView it might inherit this issue.
> If this is desired behaviour, does anybody know any workarounds?
> I have tried http plugin <https://github.com/silkimen/cordova-plugin-advanced-http#readme> as a result - the request is not canceled immediately after screen locking but if the app is kept in background for a long time  it is canceled by timeout.
> 
> Thanks for any help.
> 

Tue, 02 Jan 2024 14:13:29 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I don't know about that specifically but iOS is known to limit background tasks pretty significantly. I'm pretty sure all WKWebView process stuff is paused if the app goes into the background and I don't think there is any real way around that, making browser-based solutions not appealing.
> 
> <https://developer.apple.com/forums/thread/685525>
> 
> States there are no "general purpose" background mechanism in iOS. Things just don't run in the background at all, however, specific APIs may have background modes. The NSURLSession is one API that does have a background mode so a request that has been started while the app in the foreground should continue to upload and/or download if the app goes into the background. See <https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/nsurlsessionconfiguration/1407496-backgroundsessionconfigurationwi?language=objc> for more info on this.
> 
> You won't be able to rely on the browser's `fetch`/`XMLHttpRequest` APIs, but rather use a plugin that interfaces with the native API, and that API must set up a background networking task. I've never used this so I don't know if there are any caveats but I assume it's not really a good idea to assume that every request can be a background task. My guess the `cordova-plugin-advanced-http` plugin doesn't do this.
> 
