## Cordova Slack Digest
Sat, 19 Oct 2024 08:21:30 GMT

[User count: 4906](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(13 messages)_
---

Fri, 18 Oct 2024 17:47:23 GMT

__@vidmich__ says 
> hi. sorry to bother you in this manner but our company has issue with cordova android and maybe we are not along.
> we are using cordova android 11 (haven't updated to 13 yet) and with recent update of android webview to 130 our application broke. it fail to transmit some data between javascript and plugin.
> we are still trying to pinpoint the exact issue. but I'm wondering if you heard something related to webview 130 ?
> 

Fri, 18 Oct 2024 18:18:15 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> my device only has access to v129 it seems like atm
> 

Fri, 18 Oct 2024 18:20:18 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> but i cna get access to 131 via installing the beta...
> 

Fri, 18 Oct 2024 18:20:41 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> and that appears to work fine on my apps
> 

Fri, 18 Oct 2024 18:22:05 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> if you search "Android System Webview" in the Play store, google has a Beta, Dev, and Canary builds of the webview that you can install. You can switch in between them using Settings -> Developer options -> WebView Implementation
> 

Fri, 18 Oct 2024 18:22:51 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Might be worth checking to see if your issue persists on v131 using the beta build
> 

Fri, 18 Oct 2024 18:23:09 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Perhaps they pulled v130 because something broke
> 

Fri, 18 Oct 2024 18:26:24 GMT

__@vidmich__ says 
> one of our guys checked 131 beta and it didn't work as well
> 

Fri, 18 Oct 2024 18:28:56 GMT

__@vidmich__ says 
> we afraid that with more deployment waves from Goggle the amount of devices with 130 will increase and more our devices will have this issue.
> I'm wondering if we spend time to upgrade cordova-android to 13.0 will it be high chance that this issue will go away or we will just waste time for the upgrade
> 

Fri, 18 Oct 2024 18:55:05 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Well I can say cordova-android@13 is officially the only version that supports targeting API 34 which is the current requirement to deploy to the play store. Cordova tends to make annual updates to add in support for the next API level.
> 
> What that involves in terms of upgrading your project will vary and largely depend on where you're upgrading from. From cordova-android 11 I think that would include ensuring you're updating to JDK 17 and I think you'll need a system gradle update as well, potentially.
> 
> Failing to transmit data between the JS and the plugin is a weird issue though, and is something that probably warrants deeper investigation to better understand the nature of the issue.
> 

Fri, 18 Oct 2024 19:06:56 GMT

__@vidmich__ says 
> I think we don't use play store right now so the API 34 requirement is not a blocker for us.
> but we will try to upgrade anyway just in case
> hopefully our people will be able to pinpoint exactly where issue happen
> 
> but if somebody has / will have similar issue with webview 130 I would be appreciate if you tell what version of cordova you use
> 

Fri, 18 Oct 2024 19:30:49 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> At some point cordova changed the way to sync some configurations, I forget if that was post cordova-android@11 or not...
> 
> But you could probably try updating the `androidx.webkit:webkit` package to the latest version. It will be in the frameworks build.gradle file (<https://github.com/apache/cordova-android/blob/master/framework/build.gradle#L90>) (I think under a `CordovaLib` module inside the generated project)
> 
> If you're version is using `${cordovaConfig.ANDROIDX_WEBKIT_VERSION}` that means its controlled through a JSON file, which is generated based on config options. In that case you should be able to set a `AndroidXWebKitVersion` preference in your `config.xml` (e.g: `&lt;preference name="AndroidXWebKitVersion" value="some-version" /&gt;`). The current latest is `1.12.1` the last I checked and I do believe the cordova framework even v13 is a bit behind.
> 
> Troubleshooting further, <https://github.com/apache/cordova-android/blob/master/framework/src/org/apache/cordova/PluginManager.java#L138> is probably a good spot for a breakpoint, for JS -&gt; Native calls to see where those calls (and data) is going, or if it's being received at all.
> 
> For native -&gt; JS calls (e.g. the callbacks): <https://github.com/apache/cordova-android/blob/master/framework/src/org/apache/cordova/CordovaWebViewImpl.java#L361>
> 
> You'll need to open the android studio project (located inside `/platforms/android`). It will ask you to update AGP and you should refrain letting the IDE update anything since it will very likely break the project further. You might also need an older Android Studio, though I kinda forget what Android Studio era was cordova-android@11.
> 

Sat, 19 Oct 2024 01:37:15 GMT

__@vidmich__ says 
> it looks like the issue is not with plugins but with web workers in new version of webview
> I think we have the same issue as this example <https://github.com/laine-hallot/android-webview-worker-repro>
> 

### __Channel #dev__ _(1 messages)_
---

Sat, 19 Oct 2024 03:24:28 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> So I'm thinking about Swift packages and plugins again, and trying to figure out how to determine when it's a package or not...
> We want to know if it's a Swift package, because in that case we will ignore any `source-file`,`header-file`,`resource-file`,`framework` declarations from plugin.xml and assume that the Package.swift file will handle them properly. But we don't want to delete those declarations from plugin.xml because we want to support backwards compatibility.
> 
> 1. jcesarmobile originally proposed detecting it automatically based on the existence of a Package.swift in the top-level plugin folder
> 
> 2. I proposed something declarative in plugin.xml like `&lt;framework src="Package.swift" type="package /&gt;` but it's not really a framework, and this isn't backwards compatible
> 
> 3. My latest idea is declaring it in plugin.xml as `&lt;platform name="ios" package="true"&gt;`. Old versions would ignore the extra attribute
> 
> Do people have thoughts on a preferred approach (or other suggestions)?
> 
