## Cordova Slack Digest
Tue, 06 Feb 2024 08:20:42 GMT

[User count: 4830](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(10 messages)_
---

Mon, 05 Feb 2024 12:41:40 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> approximately 2 or 3 seconds maybe.
> 
> That includes initial app launch, webview loading JS assets and waiting for all plugins to initialise, checking a local data file for a user token, potentially making a network request to check if the token is still valid, and then rendering the main screen or login screen accordingly.
> 

Mon, 05 Feb 2024 12:44:45 GMT

__@senthilnathan__ says 
> ok. thank you 🙂 do you use any framework like framework7?
> 

Mon, 05 Feb 2024 12:45:16 GMT

__@senthilnathan__ says 
> thats awesome loading time.
> 

Mon, 05 Feb 2024 12:46:44 GMT

__@senthilnathan__ says 
> can you provide me some guidelines, how to achieve that 2-3seconds loading time? thank you.
> 

Mon, 05 Feb 2024 12:53:47 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> we primarily use reactjs
> 

Mon, 05 Feb 2024 12:54:17 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> we have our own proprietary framework surrounding it
> 

Mon, 05 Feb 2024 12:55:51 GMT

__@senthilnathan__ says 
> ooh ok.
> 

Mon, 05 Feb 2024 13:01:04 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> we also utilise webpack, which cuts down in the number of requests to load up your app by bundling everything in a single file.
> 
> If you aren't using any frameworks, or some frameworks (like angular) relies on making several small requests, which is somewhat fine for traditional web development when your web app is running on a HTTP 2 protocol, because it takes advantage of re-using connections and the connection limit is increased to like 255.
> 
> But on HTTP 1.1 browsers limit the connection limit to about 6 (varies by browser), and cordova applications are probably using HTTP 1.1 since it can't fulfil the requirements to enable HTTP 2.0 I believe. So if you need to download 200 source files to run your webapp, it's going to only concurrently download 6 at a time, then executing them is obviously done sequentially as JS is single-threaded.
> 

Mon, 05 Feb 2024 13:01:55 GMT

__@senthilnathan__ says 
> ok.
> 

Mon, 05 Feb 2024 13:09:07 GMT

__@senthilnathan__ says 
> thank you.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Mon, 05 Feb 2024 15:51:17 GMT

__@andrew071__ says 
> Is anyone having an issue where after navigating away from a page that loads an iframe  `window.webkit.messageHandlers` gets set `null` after leaving these pages.
> `window.webkit` is not null, but is a lot emptier.
> Then once you navigate again assuming you are on a page without an iframe on it those will be set again and everything works like normal.
> 
> This has just started happening since iOS 17.2 and 17.3 made it worse.
> 
> In iOS 17.2 this would crash the app when you navigated, but we worked around this issue with 17.2 in a fork that changed:
> <https://github.com/apache/cordova-ios/blob/master/cordova-js-src/exec.js#L115>
> ```window.webkit.messageHandlers.cordova.postMessage(command);```
> to
> ```   if (window.webkit && window.webkit.messageHandlers && window.webkit.messageHandlers.cordova) {
>         window.webkit.messageHandlers.cordova.postMessage(command);
>    }```
> Everything would work normal because the state was temproary,
> 
> But now in iOS 17.3 with `window.webkit.messageHandlers` being null until we are getting into a state where native app functions won't run until we navigate again.
> 
> 
> 
> Note we are not ever trying to access the NativeApp functions from within the iFrame.  The iframe is just on the page to load 3rd party data for compliance reasons.  We are also not even trying to access NativeApp functions from our own code while on the page that has the iframe.  Its the next page after the iFrame where we are and that page does not have any iframes on it.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 06 Feb 2024 00:41:00 GMT

__@ebrommers__ says 
> So I just got pinged about my signed .apk containing a dependency info block (I post it on GitHub with each milestone release for people that want to side-load). I don't see the settings to control this in my Android Studio (looking at the project structure, I don't see the last 2 settings in the screen capture on this qn: <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/77815830/what-does-retain-information-about-dependencies-in-the-apk-bundle-do-in-androi>). (1) Where do I need to add this setting so that I can configure it? (2) What are best practices for this setting? Should I not include it for people who are side-loading (i.e., on GitHub), but include it for the Google Play Store?
> 

### __Channel #help__ _(2 messages)_
---

Mon, 05 Feb 2024 16:15:21 GMT

__@d.dimoia__ says 
> Hi, I've developed an app using Cordova. Publishing on Apple Store I've received this message:
> "We found in our review that your app is intended to be used by a specific business or organization, including partners, clients, or employees, but you've selected public distribution on the App Store in App Store Connect. Since the App Store is intended for apps with a public audience, we recommend reviewing the other distribution options available to you through your Apple Developer Program Account."
> While I know this is not strictly related to Cordova, I would like to ask if someone else has had same problem. tia
> 

Mon, 05 Feb 2024 17:06:24 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Sounds like your application is for a specific corporation, like a in-house application. If that’s the case, your company needs to enroll with Apple’s enterprise program (<https://developer.apple.com/programs/enterprise/>) I think
> 
> Apple only accepts companies who has at least 100 employees for their enterprise developer program. So if you have fewer then that, then I’m not sure what your options are. The regular developer program allows ad hoc installs, but I believe only for testing (e.g. the builds will expire after a few months).
> 
> Speaking as someone who doesn’t use this so take my information with a grain of salt….
> 
> I do have B2B apps but they aren’t specific to just one organization or whatever, I effectively fall under Section 3.1.3(c):
> 
> > 3.1.3(c) Enterprise Services: If your app is only sold directly by you to organizations or groups for their employees or students (for example professional databases and classroom management tools), you may allow enterprise users to access previously-purchased content or subscriptions. Consumer, single user, or family sales must use in-app purchase.
> 
