## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 22 Mar 2024 08:20:41 GMT

[User count: 4843](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(3 messages)_
---

Thu, 21 Mar 2024 12:52:43 GMT

__@eugene.trusevich__ says 
> Hi everyone!
> 
> I think my question is mainly for the core Cordova developers, but here it goes anyway. I need to revert one commit, <https://github.com/apache/cordova-ios/pull/1315/files>, because it affects some of my custom logic. If I simply fork it and make the change, would that be enough to install this library via package.json like so:
> 
> ```{
> 	"dependencies": {
> 		"cordova-ios": "my custom path to fork from github"
> 	}
> }```
> Or do I actually need to manually adjust the artifact after installing it from node_modules/cordova-ios by making changes directly there, considering there might be some changes or compilations happening on your CI? Although I haven’t noticed this, I’d better ask if it’s okay to proceed this way.
> 
> A similar question applies to cordova-android, as I plan to independently support SDK 34 in the library for my application, using a merge request already prepared on your end, <https://github.com/apache/cordova-android/pull/1678>, to ensure this library doesn’t make any additional changes before being published on npm?
> 
> Thank you very much.
> 

Thu, 21 Mar 2024 13:13:07 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> should be enough, but the app would need to do `cordova platform add &lt;git-url&gt;`
> 
> Simply changing the package.json won't necessary update/change the native platform's project.
> 

Thu, 21 Mar 2024 13:13:52 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> if the platform is already installed it needs to be uninstalled first, then installed using the git https clone url.
> 
