## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 21 Aug 2024 08:21:30 GMT

[User count: 4885](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(2 messages)_
---

Tue, 20 Aug 2024 15:42:01 GMT

__@slack1470__ says 
> Thought i'd share my latest app update all made with Cordova of course! A huge thank you to all the devs who volunteer their time to make Cordova a reality - I'm not sure i'd still be doing this if Cordova wasn't around ❤️
> 
> <https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.codethatworks.ScottCinemas>
> 

Tue, 20 Aug 2024 21:50:45 GMT

__@slack1470__ says 
> and iOS <https://apps.apple.com/app/id631971091|https://apps.apple.com/app/id631971091>
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(2 messages)_
---

Tue, 20 Aug 2024 10:33:56 GMT

__@slack1470__ says 
> i have the strangest issue with ios after adding the cordova plugin ... once it's added i can never rebuild the ios platform from terminal again:
> 
> Could not parse /Users/kevin/Documents/Apps/wtwscios/platforms/ios/ScottCinemas.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj: CordovaError: Could not find *-Info.plist file, or config.xml file.
> 
> The only way i can get round this is to remove the platform and re add it then i have to go through all the manual xcode changes again outline here: <https://documentation.onesignal.com/docs/ionic-capacitor-cordova-sdk-setup>
> 
> It's maddening :smiling_face_with_tear:
> 

Tue, 20 Aug 2024 15:35:55 GMT

__@slack1470__ says 
> i wasn't able to find out what the cause was in the end but i'm guessing its something to do with cocoapods and i guess this is specific to the plugin rather than cordova. I won't go into detail because in the end in got round this by removing the platform each time i made an edit and then adding it again and making my changes inside xcode for onesignal - added 5 mins each time but as my app was pretty much finished it was a short term solution. Be interested to know if anyone else is using onesignal and had similar problems. I definitely feel like i made this much harder for myself than it needed to be.
> 
> Also realised this isn't the channel for this kind of chat - so apologies, i'll move channel if anything else pops up.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 20 Aug 2024 14:44:42 GMT

__@dirtech__ says 
> Hello,
> I used to debug cordova application from VSC thaks to the Cordova Tools pluginfor VSC.
> But since a few days the debugger does not start and get stucked on the following message : spawn EINVAL
> Any idea how to solve this ?
> 
