## Cordova Slack Digest
Tue, 16 Jan 2024 08:21:05 GMT

[User count: 4824](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(6 messages)_
---

Mon, 15 Jan 2024 18:19:50 GMT

__@alex678__ says 
> Hello is still possible to use cordova windows please ? With wich cordiva version ?
> 

Mon, 15 Jan 2024 18:57:17 GMT

__@prasunjajodia__ says 
> The cordova-windows platform has been deprecated. It also doesn't support most of windows 10 and 11..
> You can use cordova-electron to create windows apps
> 

Mon, 15 Jan 2024 19:29:58 GMT

__@alex678__ says 
> my app worked fine on win10/11 with cordova last year. maybe possible to use one old version of cordova ?
> 

Mon, 15 Jan 2024 19:31:25 GMT

__@alex678__ says 
> or it's easy to migrate ?
> 

Mon, 15 Jan 2024 19:50:19 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> cordova-windows is no longer maintained and won't receive anymore updates. Using a older cordova CLI version may or may not work, regardless issues won't be addressed in regards to cordova-windows platform.
> 
> It would be recommended to migrate to electron, but plugins that you may use may not be available or have an implementation to the electron platform. I'd advise checking which plugins you're using. Some plugins if they are missing an electron implementation will fallback to the browser implementation if available, however not all browser implementation may not always work as intended in an electron environment.
> 
> Of course you're also free (under the Apache license) to fork cordova-windows and address issues yourself, but this probably should be a temporary / last resort kind of option,
> 

Tue, 16 Jan 2024 08:09:38 GMT

__@goodpeasboy__ says 
> May I ask, after embedding Cordova in my program, when opening the same web program, it runs especially slow on Samsung phones s21. What could be the reason for this?
> 
