## Cordova Slack Digest
Mon, 27 May 2024 08:21:05 GMT

[User count: 4861](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(4 messages)_
---

Sun, 26 May 2024 15:27:08 GMT

__@arosen__ says 
> Hello everybody 
> 

Sun, 26 May 2024 15:28:20 GMT

__@arosen__ says 
> I am checking to see we should not face any limitations with Cordova making a solution to build for example a music player that is able to keep advancing sounds in the background? 
> 

Sun, 26 May 2024 15:48:09 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I'm not 100% sure on the behaviour of audio playing itself while in the background, but on some platforms the JS engine can get paused while the app in the background, meaning the JS cannot respond to events.
> 
> On iOS I believe this is virtually always the case, while on android background processing may occur but the OS may limit or block background CPU time depending on the state of the phone. So depending on exactly what you're doing that may be a limitation. Assuming you're using a plugin like `cordova-plugin-media`, then media playback will be handled natively and that part I'm not sure on background behaviour.
> 

Sun, 26 May 2024 17:47:36 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> You might be able to do it just with Web Audio API. Back in 2014 I was working on an app that needed to do background audio, and Web Audio API got us 90% of the way there. At the time, the biggest issue was that the audio wouldn't pause when a call came in on iOS, but I suspect that would have been fixed by now.
> 
