## Cordova Slack Digest
Sun, 08 Sep 2024 08:21:05 GMT

[User count: 4893](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(5 messages)_
---

Sat, 07 Sep 2024 12:38:37 GMT

__@mario.bas__ says 
> Hello
> Does anybody tried to use Crosswalk webview with Cordova? 
> We're experiencing huge performance issues on some Android devices (I might provide videos if necessary). So far I checked that JavaScript is not an issue and my main concern is that webview somehow is affecting performance. I found some old articles suggesting that Crosswalk might help. 
> Does anybody had simmilar issues and Crosswalk turned to be a solution?
> 

Sat, 07 Sep 2024 13:39:21 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> Crosswalk was abandoned years ago, so latest version will use a very old chrome version
> 

Sat, 07 Sep 2024 13:48:15 GMT

__@mario.bas__ says 
> That's what I thought. 
> Looks like I need to disable one style after another (scss) to check whether there is particular heavy one. I already checked that absolute minimal numer of elements is being repainted after every user action, so that shouldn't be an issue.
> 

Sat, 07 Sep 2024 19:19:39 GMT

__@mikaleerhart__ says 
> Hello!
> 

Sat, 07 Sep 2024 19:19:53 GMT

__@mikaleerhart__ says 
> I'm trying to write some mobile specific code in my cordova android app. My content src is an index.html where I have my JS code.
>  When I check cordova.platformId, it returns "browser", even if running on Android. Using cordova 12.0.0.
> 
