## Cordova Slack Digest
Tue, 03 Sep 2024 08:21:30 GMT

[User count: 4891](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(1 messages)_
---

Mon, 02 Sep 2024 17:10:21 GMT

__@patrickhusting__ says 
> Question for you all.   Anyone sending notifications to Android and iPhone?  If so, how are you doing it?  I need to add notifications to my cordova app and that is something that is not in my wheelhouse of experience and need some advice/direction.
> 
> Thank you
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Mon, 02 Sep 2024 14:32:47 GMT

__@nzioni__ says 
> 👋 Hello, team!
> I'm trying to upgrade my ios app from 6.1.1 to 7.1.1 and I'm having an issue with a cocoapod library
> to make it simple and demonstrate the issue I created a new Cordova project with ios platform (I attached it here: SimpleCordovaAppWithCocoapods)
> I added a Podfile with only one pod (AWSCore) and imported one of its h files in the appDelegate file:
> `#import &lt;AWSCore/AWSCredentialsProvider.h&gt;`
> 
> I'm getting this error: /Users/nzioni/Development/SimpleCordovaAppwithCocoapods/nirCocoapodsTest/platforms/ios/CocoapodsTestApp/AppDelegate.h:21:9 'AWSCore/AWSCredentialsProvider.h' file not found
> 
> I tried to add  `$(SRCROOT)/Pods` to the header search paths and I also tried many other things but it still does not recognise this file
> When I tried to do the same thing on another simple ios project (Not Cordova one) It worked but I'm able to find what is wrong here. It looks like some configuration that I don't find.
> Thanks!
> 
