## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 19 Jan 2024 08:20:53 GMT

[User count: 4824](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-electron__ _(2 messages)_
---

Thu, 18 Jan 2024 09:29:08 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> Thoughts on Cordova Electron roadmap.
> 
> 
> Currently the main branch is pinned for next major release 4.0.0 and is quite outdated.
> 
> Looking at some options.
> 
> - Release what is currently in the main branch. I believe you can test the current main branch by installing nightly. Again, nightly not recommend in production. It could be unstable, constantly changing, and has not been reviewed or voted on.
> - Update to the latest Electron and then prepare a release. <https://github.com/apache/cordova-electron/pull/263>
> - Release multiple majors…
> Follow up with last two options..
> 
> There is a lot of breaking changes between our last release, what’s in our main branch, and what’s in the latest release Electron.
> 
> To sum up some of the main breaking points:
> 
> Our current release version uses Electron is `14.2.9`
> Our current `main` branch, `nightly-4.0.0`, has already bumped to `19.0.3`
> 
> - *19.0*
>     ◦ Removes of Linux IA32 Binary
> - *20.0*
>     ◦ Removes macOS 10.11 (El Capitan) and macOS 10.12 (Sierra)
> - *23.0*
>     ◦ Removes Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 8.1
> - *25.0*
>     ◦ Deprecated: `protocol.{register,intercept}{Buffer,String,Stream,File,Http}Protocol` - This is something we used to support custom scheme but there is a replacement.
> - *27.0*
>     ◦ Removes macOS 10.13 (High Sierra) and macOS 10.14 (Mojave)
> There is plenty of other breaking changes (deprecation), but in terms of what APIs Cordova uses, its not an issue. You would need to investigate and resolve on your end if your using any of the APIs they deprecated.
> 
> Full Breaking Changes: <https://www.electronjs.org/docs/latest/breaking-changes>
> 
> *I am leaning more towards a single release and just bump to the latest.*  The main branch already contains the feature to <https://github.com/apache/cordova-electron/pull/230|allow custom Electron versions>.
> 
> Also does anyone develop/maintain plugins made for Cordova Electron? Using the plugin ecosystem that was introduced in version 2.0.0?
> 
> There was a bad pattern that was added accidentally. It doubled wrap the arguments that were passed to the native side. This multidimensional array is not needed and should be resolved.  As the fix would be breaking change I just wanted to hear what others think.
> I did an npmjs search for the keyword cordova-electron and it yielded 37 modules. Not all modules might be valid. Some don't even appear to have a folder for electron source code. Also 26 of them appear to be some variations of one plugin.
> Since the number of plugins are small, and possibly still maintained, it might be best to make the change now.
> 
> I will be posting the above message to the mailing list as well since all primary discussions and votes should be carried out in the mailing list.
> 

Thu, 18 Jan 2024 22:11:09 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> Here is the mailing list thread for the above discussion: <https://lists.apache.org/thread/y3ft6g01s3bf4fhx5vz461nkv9f0k9wr|https://lists.apache.org/thread/y3ft6g01s3bf4fhx5vz461nkv9f0k9wr>
> 
