## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 15 May 2024 08:21:03 GMT

[User count: 4858](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(6 messages)_
---

Tue, 14 May 2024 08:42:26 GMT

__@peter.cutting__ says 
> A customer wants to use *Microsoft InTune* to distribute our iOS app. But they get an error about certificates:- Customer organization does not trust the developer certificate that is used. I have googled and found 3 avenues to explore:-
> 1. put app on app store and then get the app from the store with intune. <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/apps/store-apps-ios>
> 2. get <https://developer.apple.com/programs/enterprise/|Apple Developer Enterprise Program> and an Ad Hoc distribution certificate and then use it in XCode build
> 3. wrap the app with a MS tool: <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/developer/app-wrapper-prepare-ios> . also requires 2)
> I think 1) will work. No idea about 2) and 3). Any advice?
> 

Tue, 14 May 2024 10:28:14 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> no idea about managed device solutions to be frank, but skimming over the docs it sounds like InTune only supports iOS apps published to the app store. Not sure if enterprise ad-hoc will work here.
> 

Tue, 14 May 2024 10:29:01 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> oh i see that's why there's the wrapping tool...
> 

Tue, 14 May 2024 14:30:32 GMT

__@krosado__ says 
> Hello, I am experiencing an issue with one of my applications. The Cordova-Google-Maps plugin is failing on iOS 17, specifically in the initialization of the Geocoder plugin that uses `NSLocale ISOCountryCodes` to get a list of country codes. There is no problem in my emulators, but when I launch it on TestFlight, the app crashes. Has anyone else encountered this issue with region codes on iOS 17 recently?
> 

Tue, 14 May 2024 14:33:31 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> seems like one of your country codes seems to return a nil country.
> 

Tue, 14 May 2024 14:34:04 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> based on the exception reason
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(4 messages)_
---

Tue, 14 May 2024 09:40:03 GMT

__@xavier.serra__ says 
> Dear all. Is there any planned ETA for next cordova-android version?
> 

Tue, 14 May 2024 09:40:51 GMT

__@xavier.serra__ says 
> Because I see that the 13.0.0 and 13.X milestones completion is growing fast.
> 

Tue, 14 May 2024 10:22:23 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Can't provide any concrete dates since it's subject to volunteer time, but voting process is starting.
> 
> To summarize the Apache voting process:
> 
> 1. Buy-in is required (e.g. we ask on our mailing list if there is any objections to make a release, and then give 24-48 hours to give a chance for people across timezones to reply)
> 2. Begin a voting poll, which must go on for a minimum of 72 hours, again to accommodate timezones. We also must have at least 3 ðŸ‘ and ideally 0 ðŸ‘Ž for a release to be made. During the vote, there will be a `13.0.0` tag (but no `rel/13.0.0` "release" tag). Once the voting is closed and a release is approved, a release tag will be made and the release will be published to NPM and/or other channels.
> You can subscribe to the <https://cordova.apache.org/contact/|dev mailing list> if you want to keep an eye on the voting or release announcements. Non-apache project members can also participate in the voting as well as non-binding votes.
> 

Tue, 14 May 2024 10:25:48 GMT

__@xavier.serra__ says 
> Thank you very much for your quick response and all the effort
> 
