## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 06 Jun 2024 08:21:11 GMT

[User count: 4866](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(8 messages)_
---

Wed, 05 Jun 2024 19:57:34 GMT

__@alex678__ says 
> Hello it's still possible to use cordova with cordova-windows 7.0.1 ? if yes which version of cordova i must use please ?
> 

Wed, 05 Jun 2024 20:52:23 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> cordova-windows is deprecated and no longer maintained... if you want to build a windows app, would be better to use cordova-electron instead
> 

Wed, 05 Jun 2024 21:16:51 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> But answering the question, it probably works with any CLI version
> 

Wed, 05 Jun 2024 21:17:39 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> If doesn’t recognize the platform by name you can install from the GitHub url
> 

Wed, 05 Jun 2024 21:21:21 GMT

__@alex678__ says 
> do you know how I can add the platform windows (the last version) with github url please ?
> 

Wed, 05 Jun 2024 21:28:47 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> `cordova platform add cordova-windows` should (theoretically) grab the last version from npm
> 

Wed, 05 Jun 2024 21:30:47 GMT

__@alex678__ says 
> ok thx
> 

Wed, 05 Jun 2024 21:31:01 GMT

__@alex678__ says 
> seems it takes 8-0-0-dev instead of 7.0.1, i will check both
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Thu, 06 Jun 2024 07:25:43 GMT

__@nityasantosh.channoju__ says 
> Hello Everyone. I have encountered strange bug in my iOS application. So I am using cordova-plugin-simple-file-chooser for choosing documents/files and uploading.
> And I am not uploading the selected files to the server yet, they are still on the device. In iOS these files are stored in the tmp directory. I observed that it creates an additional directory within tmp with  name appID-Inbox. And the files put under that directory are removed within 60 seconds. Does anyone have any workaround or fix to solve this issue.
> 
> A observation that I had is, whenever the files/images selected from files of the devices the app puts them under tmp/appID-Inbox. Normal images selected from gallery are under tmp directory. The files under tmp directory are not removed within 60 seconds, These are removed when the app is inactive. I need this behavior for files and documents as well.
> Any suggestion would be helpful.
> 
> I found these issues stating the same issue: <https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/60806>
> 
