## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 19 Jun 2024 08:21:18 GMT

[User count: 4872](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #random__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 18 Jun 2024 12:28:23 GMT

__@shanigarapusairaja200__ says 
> Hello, I am using cordova for android. Cordova is unable to save the cookies and it is throwing session expiry. How to save those cookies. I have tried to save cookies from client side but it is not working.
> 

### __Channel #general__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 18 Jun 2024 12:27:48 GMT

__@shanigarapusairaja200__ says 
> Hello, I am using cordova for android. Cordova is unable to save the cookies and it is throwing session expiry. How to save those cookies. I have tried to save cookies from client side but it is not working.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(2 messages)_
---

Tue, 18 Jun 2024 12:52:40 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> cookies are pretty dated and because they are abused often for tracking/privacy invasion, they are often blocked by default unless if the cookie is first-party, which cordova apps (or any webview-hybrid app) are almost never considered first-party.
> 

Tue, 18 Jun 2024 13:04:25 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Review the samesite configuration of your cookies: <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Cookies#controlling_third-party_cookies_with_samesite>
> 
> It must be set by the server side. If it's missing modern webviews and browsers uses the default `Lax` which means the cookies will only be sent back to the server if you navigate to the origin.
> 
> What you probably want is `SameSite=None` which allows the cookies to be sent on both origin and cross-site requests. `SameSite=None` also requires the `Secure` flag, which means your server must be on https, and you must be using the `https` scheme in cordova (which is the default on the latest version).
> 
> e.g: `Set-Cookie: example=value; SameSite=None; Secure;`
> 
> I don't use cookies in my products, I'm just going by MDN docs: <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Cookies#controlling_third-party_cookies_with_samesite>
> 
