## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 30 Oct 2024 08:22:17 GMT

[User count: 4907](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(19 messages)_
---

Tue, 29 Oct 2024 13:07:56 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I haven't been keeping up with all the changes for cordova-ios@8, does anyone know if there was any changes to the scheme handling that would address <https://github.com/apache/cordova-plugin-file/issues/628#issuecomment-2312539594> ?
> 
> Tbh there probalby should have been an issue raised on cordova-ios for that so it was probably missed.
> 

Tue, 29 Oct 2024 13:35:40 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> Since the addition of the schemes, a js url converter method was provided in cordova-ios 
> 

Tue, 29 Oct 2024 13:36:52 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> WKWebKit.convertFilePath
> 

Tue, 29 Oct 2024 13:45:30 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> hmm
> 

Tue, 29 Oct 2024 13:50:39 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> One of the comments said they tried it, so maybe it broke at some point
> 

Tue, 29 Oct 2024 14:00:08 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> `.toURL()` with file entry should also work, I mean I was using that in my camera tests for the camera plugin, but perhaps its a specific path issue or something.
> 

Tue, 29 Oct 2024 14:00:17 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Actually iOS doesn't default to use schemes right?
> 

Tue, 29 Oct 2024 14:02:21 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I have a feeling if I enable schemes in my camera test app I'd likely reproduce his issue
> 

Tue, 29 Oct 2024 16:24:21 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> I’m not familiar with toURL behavior 
> 

Tue, 29 Oct 2024 17:25:57 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> its a `FileEntry` API...
> 
> On android if schemes is enabled, it will produce a `<https://localhost>` (or whatever what the configured scheme is)` url that gets parsed by the WebViewAssetLoader. The file plugin implements a PathHandler which handles the URL and maps it back to the native uri. It supports file:// or mapping back to content:// (in which case it uses the content resolver), etc...
> 
> If schemes is not enabled, it passes through the underlying uri, since that is directly usable in the webview in most cases.
> 

Tue, 29 Oct 2024 17:32:00 GMT

__@bigballi__ says 
> I think it has to do with enhanced security measures by apple.
> I tried getting a path to work as src months ago (using file://, cdv, custom scheme) but never worked and found it easier to just load the file contents as blob then use it in HTML.
> 

Tue, 29 Oct 2024 17:59:55 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> The file plugin behavior for Android's `Entry.toURL()` method, since v7.
> 

Tue, 29 Oct 2024 18:00:14 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> The file plugin behavior for All other platforms (iOS, etc.) `Entry.toURL()` method, since ??? creation?
> 

Tue, 29 Oct 2024 18:05:21 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> Something might have changed in iOS where it stopped working?
> As far as I was aware, iOS supported the `cdvfile` scheme and I believe the `toInternalURL` returned cdv scheme urls??
> 
> Android on the other hand has issues supporting the `cdvfile` scheme probably after custom scheme support was added? So there was a change..
> 

Tue, 29 Oct 2024 20:59:12 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I'm pretty sure `cdvfile://` also doesn't work under schemes cause it's considered cross-origin, including on iOS.
> 

Tue, 29 Oct 2024 22:18:32 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> ok so i’ve done some testing….
> 
> using the file plugin to resolve a `file://` uri and using `fileEntry.toURL()` it ends up returning a `file://` uri because there is a `nativeURL`  so it returns that, and that’s a `file://` uri….
> 
> If `nativeURL` was not set it would fallback to `.toInternalURL()` which would return a `cdvfile://` uri.
> 
> Both will not load in the wkwebview. There is no scheme handling for `cdvfile` and webview will refuse to load any `file://` if the document domain is not a `file://` itself.
> 
> `WkWebView.convertFilePath` will translate a `file://` path given by the camera into a  `app://` uri which is usable in the DOM and works. So I’m thinking the best action here is a file plugin change so that both ios and android can have a single flow. `fileEntry.toURL()` is meant to produce DOM-usable urls which for iOS it currently does not, at least not while the webview is using schemes.
> 

Tue, 29 Oct 2024 22:43:15 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> But some users said it worked in previous versions
> 

Tue, 29 Oct 2024 23:34:42 GMT

__@bigballi__ says 
> Did some testing...
> 
> without custom url scheme for the app, file:// images load fine from all writable folders.
> 
> when you set a custom url scheme for the app and use `file://` images: `Not allowed to load local resource`
> file:///Users/giacomoballi/Library/Developer/CoreSimulator/Devices/8D93E0D4-2EE6-43E1-8275-877CB36AFE03/data/Containers/Data/Application/5724C15F-FFF0-4B96-986F-F1F74F0BFC78/tmp/downloadedFile.png
> 
> when you set a custom url scheme for the app and use cdvfile:// images (both using `fileEntry.toURL()` and `fileEntry.toInternalURL()`) : `Failed to load resource: unsupported URL`
> <cdvfile://localhost/persistent/downloadedFile.png>
> 
> However,
> when you set a custom url scheme for the app and use WkWebView.convertFilePath(fileEntry.nativeURL); the image file is displayed correctly.
> <app://localhost/_app_file_/Users/giacomoballi/Library/Developer/CoreSimulator/Devices/8D93E0D4-2EE6-43E1-8275-877CB36AFE03/data/Containers/Data/Application/5724C15F-FFF0-4B96-986F-F1F74F0BFC78/tmp/downloadedFile.png>
> 

Tue, 29 Oct 2024 23:36:36 GMT

__@bigballi__ says 
> I think what @norman137 mentioned is the best approach to not burden the dev: check url scheme in file plugin and apply `WkWebView.convertFilePath` if necessary.
> 
