## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 10 Apr 2024 08:21:23 GMT

[User count: 4850](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(9 messages)_
---

Tue, 09 Apr 2024 15:23:26 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> does anybody knows if there is a way to validate that you have all your privacy manifest entries declared?
> 

Tue, 09 Apr 2024 15:24:10 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> just did a test upload and didn’t receive any emails suggesting that I’m missing something or anything but not really confident that I covered by basis either
> 

Tue, 09 Apr 2024 15:29:20 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> You can generate a report from the archive but it will only show as far as I saw the collected data and its purposes..  The API usage and reasons wont display..
> 

Tue, 09 Apr 2024 15:29:38 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> If you have no collected data defined even though you have API usage defined, it would be just a blank PDF.
> 

Tue, 09 Apr 2024 15:37:06 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> yah i guess that would only validate if your privacy manifest files are being picked up from all sources
> 

Tue, 09 Apr 2024 15:40:07 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> Yea, that is how I tested the bundle setup.
> 

Tue, 09 Apr 2024 20:24:23 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> FYI if anyone is still trying to rely on hacks involving private state to enable `allowUniversalAccessFromFileURLs`, those are going to break in future iOS versions and cause app crashes: <https://github.com/WebKit/WebKit/commit/04af542fbc0df7e688b6799e1dcdc524d16d8015>
> 

Wed, 10 Apr 2024 07:18:48 GMT

__@lukas__ says 
> How should the privacy manifest entries for data collection be declared?
> Do I understand it correctly that each 3rd party Framework needs to specify their data collection in there own privacy manifest and then the app developer needs to declare a specific privacy manifest for the app which only specifies the data that is really used by the app?
> For Example the <https://firebase.google.com/docs/ios/app-store-data-collection|Google Firebase documentation> says:
> &gt; *Note:* Firebase’s <https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/privacy_manifest_files|privacy manifests> disclose data that is always collected and collected by default. *It is your responsibility to ensure your privacy nutrition labels are accurate based on your app’s actual usage of Firebase.* For example, if you decide to store APNs tokens in Cloud Firestore, then you might consider disclosing that your app collects identifiers even though the published privacy manifest for Cloud Firestore does not state that Cloud Firestore collects identifiers.
> So there should be one privacy manifest from Firebase in the plugin folder next to the SDK with the declaration from Firebase and one privacy manifest for the app with the actual usage?
> 

Wed, 10 Apr 2024 07:20:47 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> You are responsible for declaring any data that your app collects, even if that data is collecting using 3rd party SDKs. Those 3rd party SDKs are responsible for declaring any data that *they* collect, but they cannot know what *you* collecting using their code.
> 
