## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 03 Apr 2024 08:20:46 GMT

[User count: 4848](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(9 messages)_
---

Tue, 02 Apr 2024 14:00:03 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> is there a config.xml flag to disable catalyst support?
> 

Tue, 02 Apr 2024 14:05:39 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> I don't think so. There was a PR to add a preference to disable MacOS target but I recall there is a WIP PR in the works to improve Catalyst build support that will require you to pass `--target=mac` to build or run for mac.
> 

Tue, 02 Apr 2024 15:56:07 GMT

__@eugene.trusevich__ says 
> I use Build flag option
> 

Tue, 02 Apr 2024 16:01:40 GMT

__@christy.kuruvilla__ says 
> Hey Guys,
> In the past, after I built via `cordova build ios --release/debug` , and then open Xcode, I was able to see in the general tab’s identity section, the Display Name, Version, and Build automatically set. This seems to have stopped working. This in itself is not a big deal but I wondered if this is indicative of a bigger issue since I was previously getting an error about “Cannot read property ‘name’ “. I was able to get past that error but I was wondering if those fields should continue to be set automatically when I build form command line. Let me know if I should just create a support ticket instead of this message. Thought i’d ask in the event this was something you guys knew off the top of your head.
> 

Tue, 02 Apr 2024 16:09:50 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Currently no flag to disable Catalyst support, but also no flag to disable "iPad App on macOS" support. We're looking at explicitly disabling the "iPad App on macOS" in the next major, and improving Catalyst build/run support.
> 

Tue, 02 Apr 2024 17:22:46 GMT

__@eugene.trusevich__ says 
> But you can do it with <https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/10.x/guide/platforms/ios/#using-buildjson|https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/10.x/guide/platforms/ios/#using-buildjson>
> Only xcode will show you settings
> 

Tue, 02 Apr 2024 17:23:02 GMT

__@eugene.trusevich__ says 
> Also I see new Cordova iOS version!
> 

Tue, 02 Apr 2024 17:26:34 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> 7.1.0 is being voted on. I think as of right now it has enough votes to pass, so assuming no one objects we should see a release published in the next few days or so. Subject to time available by the individual managing the release.
> 

Tue, 02 Apr 2024 17:28:09 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Problem with build.json is that it contains secrets so its not in the repo. In a team setup it will require everyone to update their own build.json
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(2 messages)_
---

Tue, 02 Apr 2024 10:30:52 GMT

__@rakesh.athuru__ says 
> Hi,
> We are using NFC plugin (a fork <https://github.com/ravi-yk/phonegap-nfc/tree/ndefmime-intent-fix>), which has fixes to work with recent Android releases. But we see that on Android 14, write and make an NFC tag readonly, is broken. Upon debugging I see that Ndef.makeReadonly() method is called, which internally calls 'INfcTag.ndefMakeReadonly()' and this method gets stuck and does not return control.
> Anyone ran into similar issues ?
> Appreciate any hint to investigate further or solution to fix.
> 

Tue, 02 Apr 2024 17:42:53 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> This is potentially of interest from a CI perspective: <https://github.blog/changelog/2024-04-02-github-actions-hardware-accelerated-android-virtualization-now-available/>
> 
