## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 26 Apr 2024 08:20:44 GMT

[User count: 4854](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(4 messages)_
---

Thu, 25 Apr 2024 16:31:50 GMT

__@prasunjajodia__ says 
> I'm currently assigned a task where I have to research into cordova, the support, the community and alternatives and create a report.. A decision I think influenced by the fact that if you search for "Cordova end of life" on google, you actually get "April 2022"
> The second Image is all the questions that show up in suggestions and when you open any of these accordians, all the answers are anti-cordova. I know some of them is google genuinely messing up "a company saying they won't do cordova anymore" to "Cordova is ending".. But some of them come from articles where other frameworks are trying to push their own product by downplaying cordova. Anywho.. just wanted to put out some frustration of trying to convince people not to trust google. Have any of you faced anything similar? Any suggestions?
> 

Thu, 25 Apr 2024 17:00:59 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Reality is (in my own opinion) Cordova is ancient and does a lot of things that maybe made sense 10 years ago but doesn't make much sense today. If you were starting a new project, there are much better cross-platform choices out there I think (albeit I've never actually used any of the alternatives myself). I'm judging this purely based on the fact that there are much larger communities and contributor base in the other frameworks whereas Cordova only has like a handful. There are niche reasons why you would choose Cordova over another platform/framework for a brand new project.
> 
> 1) You're already invested in Cordova and there's no associated development cost from learning it since you already have experience.
> 2) Developing primary in web technologies is very important to your project.
> 3) You want to limit the exposure of native development as much as possible
> 
> If you didn't had prior knowledge of Cordova and required a learning curve regardless and looking to have a cross-platform mobile app solution, react native, flutter, or probably even capacitorjs for a web-based solution are likely far better choices.
> 
> Cordova has a very expansive plugin ecosystem, most of which are not actively maintained anymore. Which means attempting to bring in improvements that would break those plugins can hurt the ecosystem significantly, maybe more than the benefits of bringing improvements in. Cordova has been pretty much in "maintenance" mode at least since I've been an active contributor... e.g. that's the easiest/fastest way to keep the project working and supported by Apple/Google distribution systems.
> 
> I'm speaking as someone who is pretty active on providing support via slack / discussions for Cordova and as someone whose been writing my own cross-platform mobile development framework to replace Cordova in my own workplace.
> 
> You're right though Google is taking articles whose headlines are significantly misleading, Cordova itself is being actively maintained. It's third-party integrations for Cordova that is being dropped by several software solutions, not that Cordova itself is no longer being developed. If the title included App Center then it would make it less confusing, but it's obvious marketing decision to intentionally make it vague.
> 

Thu, 25 Apr 2024 17:08:05 GMT

__@prasunjajodia__ says 
> I completely agree with your view on the niche uses.. and I do experiment with other cross-platform on newer projects. My only trife here is with the misleading stuff on google which makes it seem like one should move all their existing projects out of cordova because it has already reached its EOL 2 years ago
> 

Thu, 25 Apr 2024 17:16:22 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> yeah, Microsoft published a blog post about AppCenter with a misleading title, and then people wrote a bunch of follow-up blog posts because they believed Cordova was dead. I think we did get Microsoft to update their post and clarify the situation, but the damage had already been done 😕
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Fri, 26 Apr 2024 07:37:27 GMT

__@xavier.serra__ says 
> Another problem with Podfile in cordova-ios v. 7.1.0 is that at every build it is rewritten again. If you have manually added another target with other pods, they disappear.
> 

### __Channel #plugins__ _(1 messages)_
---

Thu, 25 Apr 2024 10:28:18 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Plugin normally traverses the DOM for you to make the background transparent up to the HTML node.
> 
> Plugin is also horribly unmaintained. My work has a fork of the plugin with several fixes that you may consider to try (branch off of <https://github.com/totalpave/cordova-plugin-googlemaps/tree/totalpave/master|totalpave/master>) but it includes proprietary code so you'll have to fork/branch off and remove:
> 
> - <https://github.com/totalpave/cordova-plugin-googlemaps/blob/totalpave/master/plugin.xml#L133>
> - <https://github.com/totalpave/cordova-plugin-googlemaps/blob/totalpave/master/plugin.xml#L226-L227>
> - <https://github.com/totalpave/cordova-plugin-googlemaps/blob/totalpave/master/plugin.xml#L405-L408>
> - <https://github.com/totalpave/cordova-plugin-googlemaps/blob/totalpave/master/plugin.xml#L29-L31>
> - <https://github.com/totalpave/cordova-plugin-googlemaps/blob/totalpave/master/www/TotalPaveTileLayer.js>
> - <https://github.com/totalpave/cordova-plugin-googlemaps/blob/totalpave/master/src/android/plugin/google/maps/PluginTotalPaveTileLayer.java>
> - <https://github.com/totalpave/cordova-plugin-googlemaps/blob/totalpave/master/src/android/plugin/google/maps/TotalPaveTileProvider.java>
> - <https://github.com/totalpave/cordova-plugin-googlemaps/blob/totalpave/master/src/ios/GoogleMaps/PluginTotalPaveTileLayer.h>
> - <https://github.com/totalpave/cordova-plugin-googlemaps/blob/totalpave/master/src/ios/GoogleMaps/PluginTotalPaveTileLayer.m>
> - <https://github.com/totalpave/cordova-plugin-googlemaps/blob/totalpave/master/src/ios/GoogleMaps/TotalPaveTileProvider.h>
> - <https://github.com/totalpave/cordova-plugin-googlemaps/blob/totalpave/master/src/ios/GoogleMaps/TotalPaveTileProvider.mm>
> We have a C++ rendering library that we've hooked into gmaps cause using the gmap's geometry shape APIs are too slow when you're dealing with 10s or 100s of thousands of geometry features, especially when you factor in the cordova bridge calls necessary to manage them, but even gmaps itself becomes very sluggish... so removing above should remove all references of that library.
> 
> Outside of that we have several fixes included, one of which is a <https://github.com/mapsplugin/cordova-plugin-googlemaps/commit/918eb5a1bfce9595e922b3ad2442ff81cb9a0fa0|blank map issue>. It's using a modern gmaps sdk version (the main repo uses a SDK version that is no longer accepted by google play), and has google's <https://github.com/mapsplugin/cordova-plugin-googlemaps/commit/75f9d3ee944af2697ddb495aba2b53a56cbc5910|privacy manifest> for gmaps bundled for iOS.
> 
> Other things to note however:
> - the updated iOS Gmaps SDK is bumped to 8.4, which has frozen support for iOS 14, (aka it runs but it will be dropped probably in 9.0 and no issues will be addressed) so min ios deployment is basically 15.0. Their privacy manifest is only valid for version 8.4.0 so it makes it a hard requirement to update for Apple's privacy manifest requirements coming next week.
> - I've removed the location permission declarations. If you want to use location features just add the cordova-plugin-geolocation plugin which will add back the location permission declarations. They generally conflicted with other geolocation plugins
> - You can see other fixes via <https://github.com/mapsplugin/cordova-plugin-googlemaps/compare/master...totalpave:cordova-plugin-googlemaps:totalpave/master> (if you want to cherry-pick the changes instead)
> 
