## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 07 Aug 2024 08:21:21 GMT

[User count: 4882](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(5 messages)_
---

Tue, 06 Aug 2024 20:31:35 GMT

__@alex678__ says 
> *Hello everybody*, i'm trying to install the Beta Android Studio to test My App with Sqlite due to Android 15 Page 16 Kb.
> I build by Cordova app with min sdk 24 and target sdk 34
> * For info i have currently Gradle 8.5, Java 1.8 (Java 8), "Android SDK Platform 35", "Sources for Android 35", "Android SDK Platform VanillaIceCream", "Google APIs ARM 64 v8a System Image", and for Emulator "Pixel Tablet API VanillaIceCream : Android VanillaIceCream Preview | x86_64"
> 
> My questions:
> 1. Need I to use "Android Studio Koala 2024.1.2.9 Preview" or "Android Studio Ladybug 2024.1.3 Canary 3"
> 2. Need I to build cordova with target sdk = 34 or 35 ? Because i see this on the Google page:
> 

Tue, 06 Aug 2024 21:15:04 GMT

__@alex678__ says 
> I also did a test with Android Studio jellyFish and the following emulator, then i got one error, but I don't know if it's due to my App SQLITE pagesize bug, or it it's another problem.
> 

Wed, 07 Aug 2024 00:37:27 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> you dont need to target SDK 35, but for the emulator to work you need to be using the latest emulator and the current koala beta and you need to be using an updated AGP as well if I recall right. The latest cordova-android version uses AGP 8.3 but I think 8.5 is required. You also do need build tools 35 and at least NDK 26 if you're compiling without std c++ library, but NDK 27 is recommended for the cmake directive. If the project depends on libstdc++, then NDK 27 is required.
> 
> I've done my testing outside of a cordova environment so idk if there are anything breaking between AGP 8.3 - 8.5
> 
> Older android studio will build but may not operate correctly with the emulators and the native debugger will not work either in my experience.
> 

Wed, 07 Aug 2024 00:54:35 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> Should also be using Java JDK 17. It became a requirement starting with Android SDK 34.
> 

Wed, 07 Aug 2024 05:12:36 GMT

__@alex678__ says 
> Thanks for your responses i will redo a try.
> 

### __Channel #plugins__ _(8 messages)_
---

Tue, 06 Aug 2024 11:23:51 GMT

__@slack1470__ says 
> To answer my own question to help anyone else its important you open .XCWorkspace not .XCodeProj when working in xcode and you use this plugin!
> 

Tue, 06 Aug 2024 12:48:22 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> using the xcworkspace is important, even without using any particular plugin. an xcode project is a singular thing that produces one product. xcworkspace ties several projects together and allows projects to depend on each other.
> 

Tue, 06 Aug 2024 13:19:38 GMT

__@slack1470__ says 
> That said, although my project is now building. I'm seeing OneSignal fail even before the deviceready function is called "FATAL: OneSignal AppId: (null) - AppId is null or format is invalid" ... when i try to call anything related to one signal because it didnt initialise none of the function exist
> 

Tue, 06 Aug 2024 13:19:51 GMT

__@slack1470__ says 
> e.g. TypeError: window.plugins.OneSignal.setLogLevel is not a function
> 

Tue, 06 Aug 2024 13:20:33 GMT

__@slack1470__ says 
> That Fatal error from onesignal is one of the first errors in the console log - at that point i've never called their setup function which is:
> 
> window.plugins.OneSignal.setAppId("YOUR_ONESIGNAL_APP_ID");
> 

Tue, 06 Aug 2024 13:21:34 GMT

__@slack1470__ says 
> its probably a question for onesignal as i've set up a brand new project just to test this and i cant get passed this error (even though the app build and runs). I'll post back here if i find the solution unless someone else has experienced this before and lets me know before
> 

Tue, 06 Aug 2024 15:36:25 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Virtually all plugin code must wait for the `deviceready` event before they are considered usable. It sounds like something might not waiting for `deviceready`
> 
> If you use the web inspector and stop on exception, and then refresh the page (while the web inspector is focused, cmd +r on mac, or ctrl+r on windows/linux) it should hit the breakpoint when it encounters `TypeError: window.plugins.OneSignal.setLogLevel is not a function` and you should see a stacktrace which will help trace the source of the error/thing that isn't waiting for `deviceready`.
> 

Tue, 06 Aug 2024 15:42:34 GMT

__@slack1470__ says 
> Thanks Norman, it must be something onesignal isn't doing in their latest updates, i've reverted from 5.2.3 to the last good version prior to this major release which was 3.3.1 and it's working perfectly!
> 
