## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 16 Aug 2024 08:21:27 GMT

[User count: 4885](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(12 messages)_
---

Thu, 15 Aug 2024 17:03:32 GMT

__@noel__ says 
> Greetz! I found my way here! That feels like far more of an achievement than it should 😉
> I suggest this channel should be made available on the cordova website.
> 

Thu, 15 Aug 2024 17:43:41 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Welcome! It was there once upon time but Slack doesn't have an auto invite so to speak and it requires server-side logic to facilitate an auto-invite. The link I sent you will expire at some point.
> 
> And Apache foundation also doesn't want us to steer to slack and instead use GitHub discussions for most support stuff. That's because discussions will have an archive whereas slack's history will be truncated and eventually lost.
> 
> But we still do use slack for some realtime dev talk. Formal decisions is still suppose to happen on the mailing list.
> 

Thu, 15 Aug 2024 18:20:55 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> Nice you mentioned the Github Discussion, didnt know about that.
> 

Thu, 15 Aug 2024 20:45:36 GMT

__@noel__ says 
> So I'm really, really struggling with cordova. It's sapping my will to live.
> 
> I did a successful build last week, after days of wrestling with it. Came back to the code today, which I'd preserved pristinely in a repo, and nothing works 😞 and I can't for the life of me figure out why.
> 

Thu, 15 Aug 2024 20:57:13 GMT

__@noel__ says 
> ```MyProject has conflicting provisioning settings. MyProject is automatically signed for development, but a conflicting code signing identity iPhone Distribution has been manually specified. Set the code signing identity value to "Apple Development" in the build settings editor, or switch to manual signing in the Signing & Capabilities editor. (in target 'MyProject' from project 'MyProject')```
> That's the error. Which is a lot that I really don't understand. I'm fairly new to all this so forgive me flailing about please :)
> 
> So let's break it down.
> 1. `MyProject has conflicting provisioning settings.` – What is a `provisioning setting` I don't have any file with that name, that phrase does appear in the cordova documentation anywhere, nor in the `cordova-ios` codebase anywhere. Complete mystery. I'll assume that's a red herring. Moving on...
> 2. `MyProject is automatically signed for development` – that's nice but how did it end up that way, it's not something I asked for so presumably that's some sort of cordova or iOS default?
> 3. `but a conflicting code signing identity iPhone Distribution has been manually specified` – How would it be manually specified when Cordova created the xcode project? I haven't edited the project (yet).
> 4. `Set the code signing identity value to "Apple Development" in the build settings editor` – I have no idea how to do that. I'm getting the feeling that it's telling me I should be manually editing the xcode project; doesn't that kinda defeat the point of Cordova?
> 5. Even if I go into xcode and open the Build Settings editor... there's absolutely nothing in there that's labelled either `signing identity` nor `Apple Development` 
> This error message may as well have asked me to do the River Dance – it would have been about as useful :D
> 

Thu, 15 Aug 2024 20:59:45 GMT

__@noel__ says 
> Previously when I did manage to get a build to work after trying all day I think it was by luck. I basically just randomly opened xcode and clicked on stuff until it started working but I have no idea what made it work and it clearly didn't preserve whatever magical setting unblocked it when I persisted the files for posterity.
> 

Thu, 15 Aug 2024 21:04:29 GMT

__@noel__ says 
> I think I found the magical setting again – back in xcode, when I first open it and look at `Signing & Capabilities` there appear two Signing sections, one labelled `debug`  the other labelled `release`. I can see the error repeated in the `release` Signing section. I then unchecked `Automatically manage signing` and checked it again, then selected the correct team at which point the view reloaded, the two `Signing` sections vanished and were replaced by just one without either the labels, `Release` nor `Debug` and the error vanished.
> 

Thu, 15 Aug 2024 21:05:43 GMT

__@noel__ says 
> I then did a build in xcode and finally after that it allowed me to archive.
> 

Thu, 15 Aug 2024 21:05:51 GMT

__@noel__ says 
> Is it always this impossible and crazy? Apologies for the stream of consciousness approach – not to everyone's tastes, but I find it does expose when the dev journey isn't optimum, and also where my own skills are at.
> 

Thu, 15 Aug 2024 21:26:54 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> The GitHub Discussion forums are at <https://github.com/apache/cordova/discussions> for Cordova in general, rather than for each individual repo. They are intended as a community support help forum rather than for bug reporting.
> 

Thu, 15 Aug 2024 21:28:01 GMT

__@noel__ says 
> The other mystery is that I have this in my config.xml
> ```&lt;widget id="uk.co.myproject" version="1.8.11" buildNumber="2" android-versionCode="10812" xmlns="<http://www.w3.org/ns/widgets>" xmlns:cdv="<http://cordova.apache.org/ns/1.0>"&gt;```
> But the archive is coming out with `1.8.11 (1.8.11)` when the expectation is `1.8.11 (2)`? I'm pretty sure this worked in the past for me but it's suddenly doing something different.
> 

Thu, 15 Aug 2024 21:29:20 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Provisioning settings and code signing stuff are all in Xcode, yeah... I'd definitely recommend using Automatic Signing, but you might need to specify that via a build config json file. The current cordova-ios template includes some old defaults that try to set specific manual signing parameters. I'm cleaning those up in the next major version, but can't remove them from the current one because it's a breaking change.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(3 messages)_
---

Thu, 15 Aug 2024 13:34:17 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> Hello everybody, excuse me one more question.
> 
> Its about Generating the icon assets for my app.
> I produce my icon set in Icon Kitchen.
> Image 1 how Icon Kitchen show, that the icons will look like.
> Image 2 is how I include them in my app
> Icon 3 is how the icon look in real device
> 
> Basically I dont know how to create the icon which use all the space to the edges.
> Anyone know what I am doing wrong or better way of preparing the icons? Thank you
> 

Thu, 15 Aug 2024 14:16:00 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> > Basically I dont know how to create the icon which use all the space to the edges.
> Short answer is you can't really. The other icons you see uses adaptive icons and a background asset which is basically just a plan color. You likely also want to use adaptive icons for more flexibility. You can use the asset you have now for the `src` as a fallback for older devices that doesn't support adaptive icons. But getting your icon to fill the space to the edge is going to be impossible since that area is dynamic and you don't know where that edge begins.
> 
> Adaptive icons are basically an image in 2 parts a foreground and a background. You can author these in PNGs still. The background, assuming that it's sized properly will the icon space but you don't know where the "edge" starts. This is because the end user can change the style of those icons to different shapes, so it can be square, or curved square, or fat curve circle, etc... Thus in your foreground you have a specific "safe area" where that area is guarenteed to be not clipped/masked.
> 
> <https://developer.android.com/develop/ui/views/launch/icon_design_adaptive>
> 
> For adaptive icons both the foreground and background should be 108dp with 66dp square centered defined as the safe area for your foreground content.
> 

Thu, 15 Aug 2024 18:22:36 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> Thank for reply. As I understand it now Icon Kitchon does not want us to step out of the safe zone, its just that its not consistem with their representation on the website. ALways something to learn. Have a good day
> 
