## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 21 Feb 2024 08:20:55 GMT

[User count: 4834](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(7 messages)_
---

Tue, 20 Feb 2024 10:11:16 GMT

__@marek.kozela__ says 
> @ppetree I know that I can use plugin like electron-log. But in my case the build is successful and after installing the app I got the window with the error. So this error is blocking the app so I am not able to see devtools in chrome. How can I debug this kind of errors?
> 

Tue, 20 Feb 2024 10:46:56 GMT

__@marek.kozela__ says 
> @ppetree this is an example of the error after installing the app - I see the title of the popup - A JavaScript error occurred in the main process - but I do not see any errors during build process... I want to set some breakpoints and debug code. Is it possible to somehow debug it using some IDE like Webstorm?
> 

Tue, 20 Feb 2024 17:24:58 GMT

__@ppetree__ says 
> Best to shift this off to the cordova-electron channel where more experienced people can help you.
> 

Tue, 20 Feb 2024 17:38:33 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I'm not sure about the cordova's electron platform, but native electron development there's an API to open up dev tools that you'll call from the main process (e.g. the node process).
> 
> According to <https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/12.x/guide/platforms/electron/index.html#devtools> the dev tools should be enabled/shown by default in debug mode.
> 

Wed, 21 Feb 2024 07:48:21 GMT

__@prasunjajodia__ says 
> Normally, if you do `cordova run electron --nobuild` , you should see the exact line number in the terminal where the error happens. and you can backtrace from there..
> I've debugged a lot of issues like this.
> @marek.kozela, maybe post the terminal backtrace with private info removed?
> 

Wed, 21 Feb 2024 08:11:08 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> You can also run the following command to inspect the Electron process.
> 
> ```cordova run electron --nobuild --debug -- --inspect-brk=5858```
> Then in Chrome access the Chrome Dev Tools to inspect devices.
> 
> ```<chrome://inspect/devices>```
> You should be able to see the process under `Remote Target` .
> 
> If it does not appear, it is possible that your not listening to the port number. To add the port for listening:
> 
> 1. Click on the blue text `Open dedicated DevTools for Node` 
> 2. Go to `Connection` tab, if not already on.
> 3. Click `Add connection`
> 4. Type in network address &amp; port number... In the above example, `localhost:5858` should work.
> 5. Click `Add`
> It should automatically connect to the process.
> 
> Next time when you run the inspect line for debugging, it should automatically find the Remote Target and list on the `<chrome://inspect/devices>` page. Don't need to re-add the connection.
> 
> If you change ports, make sure you update or add that port to the connection.
> 

Wed, 21 Feb 2024 08:12:30 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> It depends on where the error occurs. The above is for debugging on the backend side (Electron) while you can access the front-end errors within the app's Dev Tools (while in debug mode)
> 
