## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 22 Aug 2024 08:21:17 GMT

[User count: 4886](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Wed, 21 Aug 2024 10:54:28 GMT

__@alex678__ says 
> Hello everybody, my app crash when i use the last cordova plugin purchase from fovea/iaptic, if anybody has one idea how to manage that ? seems there is a lot of transactions checked/verified, also old transactions.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(1 messages)_
---

Thu, 22 Aug 2024 06:02:54 GMT

__@dirtech__ says 
> The plugin authors sent a new version that solved the issue.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-electron__ _(2 messages)_
---

Wed, 21 Aug 2024 18:49:42 GMT

__@bwalsh__ says 
> Hi everyone. I've been having some issues getting deeplinks to work for my cordova electron app. I tried registering the deeplink protocol using the standard app.setAsDefaultProtocolClient in the electron code, but after building the app the deeplink opens an entirely separate electron instance to host the app instead of referring back to the installed version of my application. Is there something configuration related I'm missing that should be set up during the build process? Is there something I need to put in the build.json file? Thanks
> 

Wed, 21 Aug 2024 21:01:32 GMT

__@bwalsh__ says 
> Nevermind, I think I got it working. I needed to define the platforms in the package.json. I did it in the build.json as well although I'm not sure if that's necessary
> 
