## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 01 Feb 2024 08:20:35 GMT

[User count: 4829](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(5 messages)_
---

Wed, 31 Jan 2024 14:19:54 GMT

__@cleyton.conexa__ says 
> Hi, guys! I'm facing a problem with ios webview in my cordova app. My app loads my site via webview inside an iframe. My site needs to store some data in localstorage for caching, but I couldn't find a way to configure the iframe and the cordova app to allow my site to access window.top.localstorage. Have anyone face this kind of problem before?
> 

Wed, 31 Jan 2024 14:34:46 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> It’s not something I use but doesn’t <http://window.top|window.top> only give access from iframes if the top frame and the iframe are of the same origin? (e.g. they both must share the same domain).
> 

Wed, 31 Jan 2024 14:39:39 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Same-origin_policy#cross-origin_script_api_access>
> 
> Yes… when you’re accessing different windows/frames cross-origin you’re access will be very limited. When you have a cordova frame and an iframe to a (presumably remote server), you’re in a cross-origin environment. There’s no way around that.
> 
> Your architecture sounds questionable to begin with, but it sounds like you may want the postMessage API instead (<https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/postMessage>) which allows you to send transferable objects (e.g. strings or basic JSON structures) cross-origin.
> 
> You’d need to add message event handlers to handle messages on the other side, or both sides if you require bidirectional communication between your frames.
> 

Thu, 01 Feb 2024 07:19:06 GMT

__@zhaozhouxiaochen__ says 
> Cordova iOS, How to inject local cordova.js to remote H5 calls.
> 

Thu, 01 Feb 2024 07:22:07 GMT

__@zhaozhouxiaochen__ says 
> Hi, guys! I'm facing a problem with Cordova iOS, How to inject local cordova.js to remote H5 calls?
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(4 messages)_
---

Wed, 31 Jan 2024 13:01:43 GMT

__@prasunjajodia__ says 
> I'm trying to access the URL `'file:///data/user/0/my_app/databases/'` in android
> The folder exists but window.resolveLocalFileSystemURL is returning a `MalformedURLException`.
> 
> Anything I can do to get access to that folder?
> 

Wed, 31 Jan 2024 14:40:45 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> maybe it’s the trailing `/`?
> 

Wed, 31 Jan 2024 14:41:31 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> if you want to target the databases folder, the url probably should be `file:///data/user/0/my_app/databases` without the trailing `/`
> 

Thu, 01 Feb 2024 06:19:41 GMT

__@prasunjajodia__ says 
> I've tried without the trailing `/` too..
> I debugged a little in Android Studio and looks like none of the FileSystems have that URL..
> Will try other ways of copying into it
> 

### __Channel #help__ _(1 messages)_
---

Thu, 01 Feb 2024 07:32:36 GMT

__@zhaozhouxiaochen__ says 
> Hi, guys! I'm facing a problem with Cordova iOS, How to inject local cordova.js to remote H5 calls?
> 
