## Cordova Slack Digest
Sat, 13 Jul 2024 08:20:52 GMT

[User count: 4875](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Fri, 12 Jul 2024 21:17:13 GMT

__@patrickhusting__ says 
> Is it me or every new Mac OS and xCode update makes your computer run slower and slower?  I just updated everything today and my laptop is 4 years old.  A snail is faster...
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(17 messages)_
---

Fri, 12 Jul 2024 14:35:47 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> Hello everyone, I have a strange error not sure how to approach that.
> I am using the UiKit library with my apps, so far no problem. Recently I upgraded to Cordova 13 and I am getting this error (but just on ANdroid 5-7, new phones do not have it for some reason)
> Anyone know how I can deal with this?
> I was trying to simplify the code and at the end looks like if I use any component from the UiKit library I get this error.
> 
> I was using the same code in Codepen but there is no error shown. SO have to do something with Cordova environment?
> Thank you for any comment.
> 
> ```Uncaught TypeError: i.concat(...).map(...).flat is not a function
>     at ht (uikit.min.js:1)
>     at s (uikit.min.js:1)
>     at Ba (uikit.min.js:1)
>     at Ts (uikit.min.js:1)
>     at n.t.$mount (uikit.min.js:1)
>     at Xn (uikit.min.js:1)
>     at new n (uikit.min.js:1)
>     at o (uikit.min.js:1)
>     at Array.map (<anonymous>)
>     at Ve (uikit.min.js:1)```
> 

Fri, 12 Jul 2024 14:53:20 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> EDIT: CHatGPT suggest that this have something to do with Polyfills.
> It suggested to include this code to deal with the problem and it seams that its working.
> SOmeone know if this issue is on side of Cordova or UiKit?
> ```   &lt;!-- Include core-js for polyfills --&gt;
>     &lt;script src="<https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/core-js-bundle/minified.js>"&gt;&lt;/script&gt;
>     
>     &lt;!-- Polyfill for flat (if not using core-js) --&gt;
>     &lt;script&gt;
>     if (!Array.prototype.flat) {
>         Array.prototype.flat = function(depth) {
>             depth = isNaN(depth) ? 1 : Number(depth);
>             function flatten(arr, depth) {
>                 return depth &gt; 0
>                     ? arr.reduce(function(acc, val) {
>                           return acc.concat(Array.isArray(val) ? flatten(val, depth - 1) : val);
>                       }, [])
>                     : arr.slice();
>             }
>             return flatten(this, depth);
>         };
>     }
>     &lt;/script&gt;```
> 

Fri, 12 Jul 2024 14:53:52 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> It means that your device is running a webview that doesn't have the array `flat` method available: <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/flat> which is available since chrome 69.
> 
> android 5 will ship with like chrome 30, and has a maxium webview version of somewheres late 60s early 70s, I kinda forget but it's possible that even if you update the webview that you can't get support for the `flat` API. You will need to find a polyfill most likely if you want to support android 5. cordova-android@13 does not support android 5 by default.
> 
> Android 7 ships with chrome 53 but you can get it updated to the modern webview. Chromium has cutoff the webview and ht elatest versions has API 26 (Android 8 ) as a minimum, but Android 7 can still get a relatively modern webview version, but you will have to rely on your users keeping their phone up to date.
> 

Fri, 12 Jul 2024 14:58:27 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> If you use a Google Play enabled simulator you can log into google play and get the simulator "updated" to the latest version of the webview that API level supports.
> 

Fri, 12 Jul 2024 15:26:10 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> Thank you Norman, at least I know what is going on and that its not affecting newer phones.
> 
> Now I need to decide if I go to include this polyfill solution (which seems to be not 100% as it produces some glitches) or just thow the users with old phones overboard (which I dont like much either)
> 

Fri, 12 Jul 2024 15:27:36 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> You should throw android 5-6 users since cordova no longer supports it
> 

Fri, 12 Jul 2024 15:29:57 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> Even Google stopped updating google services for android 5
> 

Fri, 12 Jul 2024 15:35:26 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> Ok, make sense. So I will push android-minSdkVersion to 24 for now.
> 
> Thank you both for clarification and have a nice day
> 

Fri, 12 Jul 2024 15:49:31 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> Norman, my android 5 device has webview 83, where did you see the max was around 70?
> And it shows an update, will see which version is latest in a few minutes
> 

Fri, 12 Jul 2024 15:50:30 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> It just updated to 95
> 

Fri, 12 Jul 2024 15:54:09 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> My android 6 device has 95 and doesn’t show updates
> 

Fri, 12 Jul 2024 16:13:16 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> When I was trying Android studio(2023.3.1) emulators, the issue was present in Android 5, 7, 8(Pixel 4 x86)
> My Android 8 phone has Webview 68.0, no update posssible, and issue is there as well
> The first version in emulators where the issue is not present is Android 9 (API28)
> 

Fri, 12 Jul 2024 16:23:58 GMT

__@alex678__ says 
> For info, i'm still tring to lanch the Page 16 emulator, still "not launched".
> 

Fri, 12 Jul 2024 16:24:41 GMT

__@alex678__ says 
> I did a small analysis about 2 of the SQLite plugin, maybe if he can help somebody ;)
> 
> 1. Plugin cordova-sqlite-legacy-build-support 1.3.5
> 	Github: <https://github.com/brodybits/cordova-sqlite-legacy-build-support>
> 	Library in analysed APK: lib/arm64-v8a/libsqlc-native-driver.so
> 	Dependencies in plugin.xml:
>         &lt;!-- Android-sqlite-connector [jar]: --&gt;
>         &lt;source-file src="src/android/libs/sqlite-connector.jar" target-dir="libs"/&gt;
>         &lt;!-- Android-sqlite-connector native driver [native libs]: --&gt;
>         &lt;source-file src="src/android/libs/arm64-v8a/libsqlc-native-driver.so" target-dir="libs/arm64-v8a"/&gt;
>         &lt;source-file src="src/android/libs/armeabi/libsqlc-native-driver.so" target-dir="libs/armeabi"/&gt;
>         &lt;source-file src="src/android/libs/armeabi-v7a/libsqlc-native-driver.so" target-dir="libs/armeabi-v7a"/&gt;
>         &lt;source-file src="src/android/libs/x86/libsqlc-native-driver.so" target-dir="libs/x86"/&gt;
>         &lt;source-file src="src/android/libs/x86_64/libsqlc-native-driver.so" target-dir="libs/x86_64"/&gt;
> 	
> 2. Plugin cordova-sqlite-ext 6.0.0
> 	Github: <https://github.com/brodybits/cordova-sqlite-ext>
> 	Library in analysed APK: lib/arm64-v8a/libsqlc-ndk-native.driver.so
> 	Dependencies in package.json:
> 		"dependencies": {
> 			"cordova-sqlite-ext-deps": "4.0.0"
> 		}
> 		
> 		In Plugin cordova-sqlite-ext-deps
> 		Github: <https://github.com/brodybits/cordova-sqlite-ext-deps>
> 		libs/
> 			sqlite-native-ndk-connector.jar
> 			sqlite-ndk-native-driver.jar
> 		Documentation:
> 			sqlite3.h, sqlite3.c - SQLite 3.32.3 amalgamation needed to build iOS/macOS and Windows platform versions
> 			libb64-core, sqlite3-base64, and sqlite3-regexp-cached source for iOS/macOS/Windows platform versions
> 			libs - JAR libraries built from brodybits/android-sqlite-ndk-native-driver and brodybits/android-sqlite-native-ndk-connector, built with SQLite 3.32.3 amalgamation, with the following flags:
> 				-DSQLITE_DEFAULT_PAGE_SIZE=4096
> 

Fri, 12 Jul 2024 18:34:28 GMT

__@patrickhusting__ says 
> I just updated my Cordova project with Android 13 because of the SDK 34 requirements and rebuilt my project.  No issues, but I got this message 24 hours later from Google.  Anyone have any suggestions on that this means and how to fix it please?
> 

Fri, 12 Jul 2024 21:40:19 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> You have to find which plugin uses that dependency and see if you can use a newer version of the plugin or of the dependency
> 

Fri, 12 Jul 2024 21:40:40 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> Search first on google play related plugins, push, etc.
> 
