## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 18 Apr 2024 08:21:02 GMT

[User count: 4853](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(9 messages)_
---

Wed, 17 Apr 2024 12:15:13 GMT

__@xavier.serra__ says 
> FYI: Just adding armv7k as an excluded architecture in watch targets and it builds properly.
> 

Wed, 17 Apr 2024 14:40:45 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> based on wikipedia entries, the armv7 was used from S1 to S3 chips, S3 chip being used in the Apple Watch 3 introduced in 2017 and supports up to WatchOS 8
> 
> The S4 chip used in Apple Watch 4 is the first to switch to arm64 (v8a) introduced in 2018. So I think you're effectively supporting ~6 years worth of devices, which is decent imo.
> 

Wed, 17 Apr 2024 15:06:50 GMT

__@xavier.serra__ says 
> By the way, and in case of having to support armv7, is it necessary to use MERGED_BINARY_TYPE option?
> 

Wed, 17 Apr 2024 15:57:09 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> not really sure, never touched that flag before
> 

Wed, 17 Apr 2024 15:59:27 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> it sounds like it's a flag to merge binaries into a single binary so that during runtime it has less dynamic code to load in. So it's an optimization thing, probably isn't strictly necessary
> 

Wed, 17 Apr 2024 16:04:16 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> <https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/build-settings-reference#Create-Merged-Binary>
> <https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/configuring-your-project-to-use-mergeable-libraries>
> 
> for reference
> 

Wed, 17 Apr 2024 20:09:34 GMT

__@alex678__ says 
> Hello ! I have question please with cordova plugin file, i search a directory synced to iCloud and persistent even if App is deleted then reinstalled. Can I use cordova.file.syncedDataDirectory ? Or other directory must be used ?
> 

Wed, 17 Apr 2024 23:55:00 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> file plugin has a file path for ios called <https://github.com/apache/cordova-plugin-file?tab=readme-ov-file#ios-file-system-layout|syncedDataDirectory> but I don't think you can guarantee that your files will persist after the app is deleted. Deleting the app I believe will clear all data containers including data containers stored in iCloud. Pretty sure it even warns the user when they go through the delete app prompts. I believe the primarily purpose is it's a directory marked for backups so when the user backs up their device, every app's synced directory is included in iCloud backups, which the user can potentially restore their device.
> 
> Natively there's multiple ways to use iCloud, the filesystem uses an API that allows for private app containers for app files to be synced to iCloud, as a way for backups and restores as such, that's what the file plugin interfaces with. Two devices with the same app, logged into the same apple id will have 2 separate app containers, synced to iCloud.
> 
> There's also native APIs to use iCloud more like a dropbox / google drive kind of system, allowing you to share files with the user and store it in the iCloud in a way that any device (or app) can access it, which kinda sounds like what you want, since those files will persist across app deletes... but you'll need to find a third-party plugin that interfaces with those native APIs.
> 

Thu, 18 Apr 2024 06:38:00 GMT

__@alex678__ says 
> Thanks for response
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(1 messages)_
---

Wed, 17 Apr 2024 14:43:53 GMT

__@ezzuahlives__ says 
> Hello,
> Please does anyone here have a solution of setting a local notification using the local notification plugin? It seems it worked for the later Android version but not the new one. I'm currently testing using Android 14 and its giving this error
> 
