## Cordova Slack Digest
Sat, 25 May 2024 08:20:53 GMT

[User count: 4861](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(8 messages)_
---

Fri, 24 May 2024 10:57:07 GMT

__@majeed__ says 
> Hi all,
> <https://github.com/apache/cordova/discussions/477>
> I’m trying to use a custom plugin in the plugins `plugin.xml`, I have the following line
> ```xml
> &lt;source-file src=“src/ios/bass.xcframework” target-dir=“lib” framework=“true” /&gt;
> ```
> when the build is completed the app is stuck on the splashscreen.
> 
> But, if i navigate `projectName -&gt; General -&gt; Frameworks, Library and embedded Content` and switch from `Do not Embed` to `Embed and sign` the app works.
> 
> &lt;img width=“572" alt=“image” src=“<https://github.com/apache/cordova/assets/126869614/87bc0ed2-ccfe-4bcc-90c7-6d28bf732f99>”&gt;
> 
> So, my question is how can I automate this step during my build process so i don’t have to manually do it every time
> 

Fri, 24 May 2024 11:37:45 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> Have you tried with lib-file or framework tags instead of source-file?
> 

Fri, 24 May 2024 11:57:15 GMT

__@majeed__ says 
> I’m not sure what you mean by lib-file but I tried framework tags already. I got a linker -v error in xcode. I will make a screenshot later to show
> 

Fri, 24 May 2024 11:59:18 GMT

__@majeed__ says 
> Presently I’m try <https://github.com/apache/cordova-node-xcode/blob/5158ec512d7ebd57c6fd62dbbcc4ce18c79a8ef6/lib/pbxProject.js#L317|cordova-node-xcode/pbxProject.js#L317> instead of using `framework` tag
> 

Fri, 24 May 2024 12:08:21 GMT

__@majeed__ says 
> I don’t get anything more useful than this
> 

Fri, 24 May 2024 12:11:56 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> i made a more complete post on GH discussions but `<framework src="./bin/sqlite3.xcframework" custom="true" embed="true" link="true" />` should work assuming you're on cordova-ios 7 or later.
> 
> Before ios 7 you couldn't embed & link at the same time for idk what reason. Linking was always the inverse of embedding. So you can embed (but not link, resulting in undefined symbols if you attempted to use said symbols) or link without embed, leading to errors since the shared binary inside the xcframework not being available. This was addressed in cordova-ios 7, where you can explicitly define both `embed` and `link`
> 

Fri, 24 May 2024 13:05:42 GMT

__@majeed__ says 
> Please give me a second to try this
> 

Fri, 24 May 2024 13:20:00 GMT

__@majeed__ says 
> This is the solution. Thank you so much @norman137
> 
