## Cordova Slack Digest
Tue, 19 Nov 2024 08:21:52 GMT

[User count: 4908](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(4 messages)_
---

Mon, 18 Nov 2024 22:41:21 GMT

__@rhinolance__ says 
> Intermittently, when running "cordova run android", after a successful build, it errors out with _`The "code" argument must be of type number`._  Unplugging and re-plugging in the device resolves it, but sometimes I need to wait 5 minutes before it will deploy successfully.  So far I've not been able to deduce the cause, and while I have a workaround, the extended wait at times is rather frustrating.  Has anyone else experienced this and determined the cause?
> 

Tue, 19 Nov 2024 00:18:44 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Unfortunately that error itself is a side effect of another error which is being hidden.
> 
> There was a PR that I'm pretty sure got merged to address that bug so that the underlying error is displayed properly but I'm not sure if it made it in any releases yet. But that "The code argument must be of type number" error is not related to the underlying error which is hard to determine without attaching the nodeJS debugger to cordova.
> 
> <https://github.com/apache/cordova-cli/pull/640>
> 
> You can try installing `cordova@nightly` which should contain that fix and you can see what the underlying error is.
> 

Tue, 19 Nov 2024 01:54:02 GMT

__@rhinolance__ says 
> Thanks Norman.  Yep, I realised it's an error of an error type arrangement.  I'll install nightly and see how I get on.
> 

Tue, 19 Nov 2024 01:58:29 GMT

__@rhinolance__ says 
> 😄  Well I installed @nightly, but now I'm not getting any errors so I can't identify the underlying issue.  I'll see how I go over the rest of the afternoon as it's bound to pop up again soonish.    Or the latest version addresses the underlying issue too, in which case it's a win.
> 
