## Cordova Slack Digest
Sat, 11 May 2024 08:20:43 GMT

[User count: 4858](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(3 messages)_
---

Fri, 10 May 2024 09:27:27 GMT

__@alex678__ says 
> Hello, general question iOS/Android please, i'm dev a new Cordova app, then i need to store a list of Headers + Details lines (some fields). I expect to use the sqlite plugin, but i dont want to ask users to create one Account, do you know the best way please to save Data accross iOS devices or Android devices in the Cloud, even if the app is deleted ? Best regards (i can easily export to json and load from json).
> 

Fri, 10 May 2024 12:37:34 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> If  I recall correctly, you were wanting the data to be shared across multiple devices, not necessarily just backed up/restored. Apache doesn’t have any first-party plugins that do this. There might be a third-party plugin available, or one might need to be created yourself so that you can expose the native APIs to store &amp; read files on their cloud drive.
> 
> Both of those options are going to require the user to have and sign into a google and/or apple account. But virtually any iOS user will have an Apple ID, virtually any android user will have a google account so you shouldn’t need to ask for them to create one,
> 
> Worth mentioning that Google usually has a RESTFUL/oauth API into their services which in a traditional web environment could be used, but Google has started locking out webviews from oauth services, so you’ll likely need a native integration solution.
> 

Fri, 10 May 2024 14:24:32 GMT

__@bigballi__ says 
> even if you do not want to create user accounts, you will need some way to link the same user to multiple devices.
> It's pretty basic but on iOS using `NSUbiquitousKeyValueStore` is the only way to accomplish this without making your own solution. I haven't tried it but you could use something like <https://github.com/dpa99c/cordova-plugin-cloud-settings>. As you can see it's pretty basic (used for simple settings key/value) but it might be enough for you.
> 
