## Cordova Slack Digest
Tue, 18 Jun 2024 08:21:15 GMT

[User count: 4870](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 18 Jun 2024 03:08:53 GMT

__@clarkswork__ says 
> A quick thought and suggestion on a possible way to make the Cordova community more powerful (For the external plugins), if on the blog or website to have an area allowing users to see/find/know which external plugin is still relevant? I did see there is an NPM search area.
> But I am currently working through the Push Plugin, sometimes seems hard which version/plugin is the latests, as some people forks the original version, and created dozens of forks, so even if there are 5 or 10 contributors for 1 single "plugin function", they might been spread across all the forks and seems like no ones maintaining the plugins...
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(3 messages)_
---

Mon, 17 Jun 2024 12:43:55 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> If you want to specify minimum iOS 12, you'd set `<preference name="deployment-target" value="12.0" />` in your config.xml file.
> 

Mon, 17 Jun 2024 12:46:06 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> This will mean that your app supports iOS 12+
> 
> So if it crashes specifically on 12.0 and you don't really want to support that version anyway, then you could set it to `13.0`.
> 

Mon, 17 Jun 2024 19:02:05 GMT

__@alex678__ says 
> after check, 99.999% crashs are from ios 12.5.7 compiled with last Xcode version (not beta). but i dont find any way to test on 12.5
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(3 messages)_
---

Tue, 18 Jun 2024 05:09:00 GMT

__@shanigarapusairaja200__ says 
> Hello, I am using cordova for android. Cordova is unable to save the cookies and it is throwing session expiry. How to save those cookies. I have tried to save cookies from client side but it is not working.
> 

Tue, 18 Jun 2024 06:55:51 GMT

__@shanigarapusairaja200__ says 
> <#C06C550RE|cordova-android>
> 

Tue, 18 Jun 2024 06:56:27 GMT

__@shanigarapusairaja200__ says 
> It's my high priority issue, if anyone knows about it. Please reply ASAP
> 

### __Channel #cordova-browser__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 18 Jun 2024 05:10:16 GMT

__@shanigarapusairaja200__ says 
> Hello, I am using cordova for android. Cordova is unable to save the cookies and it is throwing session expiry. How to save those cookies. I have tried to save cookies from client side but it is not working.
> 
