## Cordova Slack Digest
Tue, 07 May 2024 08:20:53 GMT

[User count: 4858](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 07 May 2024 08:13:09 GMT

__@luis.izquierdo__ says 
> Hi there!
> 
> We would like to ask you a question, in prevision of updating our Cordova Android platform, what is the ETA of the release of Cordova Android 13.0.0 approximately? Would there be any problem if we use previous version to update to SDK 34?
> 
> Thank you very much,
> 
> Regards,
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(7 messages)_
---

Mon, 06 May 2024 19:38:52 GMT

__@andrew124__ says 
> I have a script running in a separate application on localhost. After it loads, it adds something to the Window that I want to access in my cordova app.
> 
> It's working in cordova browser and ios, but for some reason it doesn't load on android. Using deployed instances of my separate application allow it to load on android, but I would really like to use my localhost one to debug stuff.
> 
> Do you know any reason why it would break reading from a local web server?
> 

Mon, 06 May 2024 20:21:00 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I'm not really following on what you're doing, or trying to do. Do you mean you're running a server on localhost and you're trying to hit that server in the webview?
> 

Mon, 06 May 2024 20:28:28 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Both cordova-browser and cordova-ios simulator shares the same network stack as the developer machine. The iOS simulator is simply just a mac app that "runs" an iOS app. That means `localhost` refers to the host development machine itself, which is the same machine as local webserver.
> 
> Android simulator on the other hand is a full virtual machine. It's localhost refers to the android virtual machine itself. So attempting to connect to localhost on an android simulator is oyu attempting to connect to android VM itself, which isn't running your local web server.
> 
> What you can do instead for android (best to parametized this somehow based on your build target) is to connect to `10.0.2.2` which is a special network interface that maps to the host's loopback interface (aka your host 127.0.0.1/localhost)
> 

Mon, 06 May 2024 20:29:28 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> <https://developer.android.com/studio/run/emulator-networking> for more info on android emulator networking
> 

Mon, 06 May 2024 20:29:59 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I think you can use a private ip too, if you look up your private ip via `ifconfig`
> 

Mon, 06 May 2024 20:31:18 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> residential routers generally use 192.168.1.x, or 192.168.2.x but you'll have to look up what `x` is for your specific machine. If you use this method, and if you have access to teh admin panel on your router, I'd consider assigning your machine a static IP too so it doesn't change.
> 

Mon, 06 May 2024 20:32:15 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> then you should be able to use the same ip for all 3 platforms at that point, and on physical devices too assuming the device is connected to the same router/network.
> 
