## Cordova Slack Digest
Tue, 24 Sep 2024 08:21:49 GMT

[User count: 4902](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Mon, 23 Sep 2024 15:20:36 GMT

__@thorsten.wolf__ says 
> Hey all. Does someone else have strange cookie behavior in iOS18? We had a lot of cookie issues in the past because they were not properly synced between WKHTTPCookieStore and NSHTTPCookieStorage. This was resolved since quite some time but with iOS18 we again see problems that are related to cookie sync.
> 
> Our Scenario:
> Have an inAppBrowser window at the beginning that would perform SSO.
> Cookies are properly synced to the main app view.
> Then opening an iframe within the main app view that should have the cookies available due to SSO login before.
> 
> Since iOS18: iFrame does not seem to have any cookies available.
> Before: iFrame would have all necessary cookies of the target origin (that were used in the SSO login) available and use them to call the target page.
> 
> Current summary/thoughts:
> The iframe within the main app either cannot access the cookies from the WKHTTPCookieStore or they are actually not properly synced?
> 
> 
> What's totally crazy. Under very special conditions i can get the cookies to work within the iframe.
> 
> We have a function that was used in the past to transfer the cookies from WKHTTPCookieStore to NSHTTPCookieStorage. That solved older cookie syncing issues we had (see <https://github.com/GEDYSIntraWare/cordova-plugin-webview-proxy/pull/18> )
> 
> Now because of debugging reasons i was logging the cookies with 2 new functions logCookiesInNSHTTPCookieStorage and logCookiesInWKHTTPCookieStore.
> 
> If i have these calls in place then around ~70% of the time the cookies is available in the iframe.
> 
> If i don't call the NSlog functions then it does not work at all.
> 
> This is all totally weird.
> Cheers everybody
> `-(void)syncWKtoNSHTTPCookieStore {`
>     `// Sync all cookies from the WKHTTPCookieStore to the NSHTTPCookieStorage..`
>     `// .. to solve make cookies set in the main or IAB webview available for proxy requests`
>     `@try {`
>         `dispatch_async(dispatch_get_main_queue(), ^{    // WKWebsiteDataStore must be used from main thread only`
>             `WKWebsiteDataStore* dataStore = [WKWebsiteDataStore defaultDataStore];`
>             `WKHTTPCookieStore* cookieStore = dataStore.httpCookieStore;`
>             
>             `[cookieStore getAllCookies:^(NSArray* cookies) {`
>                 `NSHTTPCookie* cookie;`
>                 `for(cookie in cookies) {`
>                     `NSMutableDictionary* cookieDict = [cookie.properties mutableCopy];`
>                     `[cookieDict removeObjectForKey:NSHTTPCookieDiscard]; // Remove the discard flag. If it is set (even to false), the expires date will NOT be kept.`
>                     `NSHTTPCookie* newCookie = [NSHTTPCookie cookieWithProperties:cookieDict];`
>                     `[[NSHTTPCookieStorage sharedHTTPCookieStorage] setCookie:newCookie];`
>                     
>                 `}`
>             `}];`
>             
>             
>                `// Log cookies in NSHTTPCookieStorage`
>                `[self logCookiesInNSHTTPCookieStorage];`
> 
>                `// Log cookies in WKHTTPCookieStore`
>                `[self logCookiesInWKHTTPCookieStore];`
>             
>         `});`
>     `} @catch (NSException *exception) {`
>     `}`
> 
> 
> 
> `};`
> 
> `// Function to log cookies in NSHTTPCookieStorage`
> `-(void)logCookiesInNSHTTPCookieStorage {`
>     `NSArray* cookies = [[NSHTTPCookieStorage sharedHTTPCookieStorage] cookies];`
>     `NSLog(@"--- Cookies in NSHTTPCookieStorage ---");`
>     `for (NSHTTPCookie* cookie in cookies) {`
>         `NSLog(@"Cookie Name: %@, Domain: %@, Path: %@, Vazalue: %@", cookie.name, cookie.domain, cookie.path, cookie.value);`
>     `}`
> `}`
> 
> `// Function to log cookies in WKHTTPCookieStore`
> `-(void)logCookiesInWKHTTPCookieStore {`
>     `WKWebsiteDataStore* dataStore = [WKWebsiteDataStore defaultDataStore];`
>     `WKHTTPCookieStore* cookieStore = dataStore.httpCookieStore;`
> 
>     `[cookieStore getAllCookies:^(NSArray* cookies) {`
>         `NSLog(@"--- Cookies in WKHTTPCookieStore ---");`
>         `for (NSHTTPCookie* cookie in cookies) {`
>             `NSLog(@"Cookie Name: %@, Domain: %@, Path: %@, Value: %@", cookie.name, cookie.domain, cookie.path, cookie.value);`
>         `}`
>     `}];`
> `}`
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(2 messages)_
---

Mon, 23 Sep 2024 12:37:14 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I don't use iframes so I forget how to do it exactly but there should be an allow list directive to allow specific domains: <https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/12.x/guide/appdev/allowlist/index.html>
> 
> I think you need an `&lt;access origin="..." /&gt;` directive for in your example, `https://*.<http://w3schools.com|w3schools.com>`.
> 
> Do note that:
> 
> - It is also possible that the websites themselves are configured to disallow being iframe'd. This is also considered good practice to avoid phishing campaigns so most web sites will implement a deny rule on being iframe'd.
> - Using iframes within cordova applications (or any webview-based applications in general) can very easily lead into application vulnerabilities including severe ones that include remote code execution.
> 

Mon, 23 Sep 2024 13:18:48 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> For iframes it should be the allow-navigation 
> 
