## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 25 Apr 2024 08:21:02 GMT

[User count: 4853](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(3 messages)_
---

Wed, 24 Apr 2024 17:32:52 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> I think there was a proposal to remove permissions from plugins and let users manage them as we do for usage descriptions on iOS, but didn’t get any traction, so was not done
> 

Wed, 24 Apr 2024 17:42:52 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> tbh it might get more traction now... starting in august google says they are gunna start cracking down on apps requesting more permissions that is needed... so like the media-capture plugin for example i think requests all 3 READ_ permissions but if an app only handles images, then they don't need to declare or request the video or audio permission.
> 
> I think it's going to get to the point where app developers needs to explicitly declare what they use.
> 

Wed, 24 Apr 2024 17:43:24 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> we already did remove explicit permission declarations from the file plugin I think
> 

### __Channel #plugins__ _(3 messages)_
---

Thu, 25 Apr 2024 03:48:52 GMT

__@bigballi__ says 
> Trying to use cordova-plugin-googlemaps on a clean app targeting Android. Installation runs fine but when i run it i only see a blank view.
> HTML is only the div used as map holder. JS is only `map = plugin.google.maps.Map.getMap(mapDiv);`.
> API key is not the issue. no warning/error messages in logs.
> If i call map from the console it shows as intended with all it's properties.
> calls like `map.getMyLocation()` are pending promises never fulfilled or rejected. Seems like the js/native bridge is fialing silently.
> any thoughts?
> 

Thu, 25 Apr 2024 03:49:41 GMT

__@bigballi__ says 
> 
> 

Thu, 25 Apr 2024 07:55:30 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> I think it requires to make the background transparent?
> 
