## Cordova Slack Digest
Sat, 12 Oct 2024 08:21:20 GMT

[User count: 4905](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(4 messages)_
---

Fri, 11 Oct 2024 13:03:08 GMT

__@peter.cutting__ says 
> App Store Connect is sending me an email with a bunch of these. Does anyone have any idea how to deal with them. Google is not helping much
> 
> *ITMS-91061: Missing privacy manifest* - Your app includes “Frameworks/FirebaseCore.framework/FirebaseCore”, which includes FirebaseCore, an SDK that was identified in the documentation as a privacy-impacting third-party SDK. Starting November 12, 2024, if a new app includes a privacy-impacting SDK, or an app update adds a new privacy-impacting SDK, the SDK must include a privacy manifest file. Please contact the provider of the SDK that includes this file to get an updated SDK version with a privacy manifest. For more details about this policy, including a list of SDKs that are required to include signatures and manifests, visit: <https://developer.apple.com/support/third-party-SDK-requirements>.
> 

Fri, 11 Oct 2024 13:04:42 GMT

__@xavier.serra__ says 
> Try to upgrade this framework to the latest version, that should include the required privacy manifest
> 

Fri, 11 Oct 2024 13:14:09 GMT

__@peter.cutting__ says 
> its difficult to know what to upgrade since the culprit libraries are probably buried in a plugin(s). cordova-plugin-push is the most likely culprit since it uses Firebase. but there doesnt seem to be a newer version then 4.0.0 which is a year old
> 
> @havesource'/cordova-plugin-push
> com.lampa.startapp/
> cordova-clipboard/
> cordova-plugin-android-permissions/
> cordova-plugin-androidx-adapter/
> cordova-plugin-app-launcher/
> cordova-plugin-buildinfo/
> cordova-plugin-customurlscheme/
> cordova-plugin-device/
> cordova-plugin-dialogs/
> cordova-plugin-file/
> cordova-plugin-geolocation/
> cordova-plugin-inappbrowser/
> cordova-plugin-market/
> cordova-plugin-sntp/
> cordova-plugin-splashscreen/
> cordova-plugin-statusbar/
> cordova-plugin-vibration/
> cordova-plugin-whitelist/
> 

Fri, 11 Oct 2024 13:58:09 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Most IDE/code-editors have some sort of "Find in folder" feature. It can be used to scan the `plugins/` folder, one of those plugins probably will have a reference to `Firebase`. None of them probably reference `FirebaseCore` directly since that is likely a sub-dependency of whatever firebase package they are using but you should find something referencing `Firebase` in some way. That should lead you to the plugins that requires updates.
> 
> Push plugin is a very likely culprit but Firebase also does a lot more than just message notifications, so it is possible that one of the other plugins is using another firebase dependency in some way.
> 
