## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:21:40 GMT

[User count: 4922](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(1 messages)_
---

Wed, 29 Jan 2025 00:03:57 GMT

__@jacobsgur__ says 
> Has anyone used both Cordova and Capacitor, and has an argument for Cordova being preferable? I've been using Cordova/Phonegap in my app for 14 years. I'm very grateful to all the developers who worked on the open source project, which helped me build my business on it. I've taken a glance at Capacitor recently, and am noticing some important differences:
> 1. Bigger community and interest
> 2. Actively updated and developed Cordova plugins seem to be getting less and less over time, whereas Capacitor has a lot of recent activity.
> 3. Strong commercial backing of Capacitor, and more modern toolchain and API's.
> 4. It's argued that Capacitor's native assets are easier to maintain than Cordova's build tools and disposable native project assets.
> 5. Capacitor is supposed to be easier to add native code and even potentially gradually or partially use or transition to using Flutter or React Native.
> I'm sincerely trying to formulate an opinion around this, and am interested in other people's thoughts and experiences. Thanks!
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(11 messages)_
---

Tue, 28 Jan 2025 18:49:30 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> When building with SDK 35 and running on Android 15+, it appears that the WebView finally properly handles `safe-area-inset-*` values on Android 🎉
> 

Tue, 28 Jan 2025 18:50:13 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> This is important because Android is forcing everything to be edge-to-edge: <https://developer.android.com/develop/ui/views/layout/edge-to-edge>
> 

Tue, 28 Jan 2025 18:50:51 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Note that `viewport-fit=cover` vs `viewport-fit=contain` appears to have no impact on Android, the safe-area values are set in both cases
> 

Tue, 28 Jan 2025 18:51:56 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Handling a `safe-area-inset-bottom` for people using non-gesture navigation is going to be... fun...
> 

Tue, 28 Jan 2025 19:40:50 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> oh cool, it doesn't handle `safe-area-inset-bottom` at all for avoiding the bottom navbar 🙃
> 

Tue, 28 Jan 2025 19:53:48 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> So you mean it doesn’t really handle safe areas yet? You got my hope up for a moment
> 

Tue, 28 Jan 2025 19:54:34 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> I mean, only the top one works?
> 

Tue, 28 Jan 2025 19:59:09 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> yeah
> 

Tue, 28 Jan 2025 19:59:23 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> It does handle it properly at the top, but not the bottom
> 

Tue, 28 Jan 2025 20:00:09 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> because with SDK 35 on Android 15+, content always extends behind the status bar and bottom nav
> 

Tue, 28 Jan 2025 20:04:16 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> top is 48px, everything else is 0
> 
