## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 15 Jan 2025 08:21:37 GMT

[User count: 4919](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(3 messages)_
---

Tue, 14 Jan 2025 17:24:29 GMT

__@s.huber__ says 
> Hey together,
> I am new to Cordova - only did web and app programming before and I am currently struggling a lot and I hope someone could maybe help me.
> 
> I want to show a web page inside cordova to make notifications and location accessible. I had an old app as an example which doesn't work anymore since the server for an API call changed and since it uses really old versions, I thought it is better to rebuild it. But now, I just struggle in so many small things.
> 
> So I load the app with InAppBrowser
> `var browser = cordova.InAppBrowser.open(url,'_blank','location=no,zoom=no,hidden=no,hardwareback=no,toolbar=no');`
> And I also tried it with
> `window.location = url`
> 
> But inside the app, I don't have access to `window.cordova`
> 
> but in the old project, this was run to load the cordova.js file
> ```var isCordovaApp = !!window._cordovaNative || !!window.cordova;
> if (isCordovaApp) {
>       var cordovaScript = document.createElement('script');
>       cordovaScript.type = 'text/javascript';
>       cordovaScript.src = '***injected***/cordova.js';
>       var cordovaPluginScript = document.createElement('script');
>       cordovaPluginScript.type = 'text/javascript';
>       cordovaPluginScript.src = ***injected***/cordova_plugins.js';
> 
>       document.head.appendChild(cordovaScript);
>       document.head.appendChild(cordovaPluginScript);```
> So there, window.cordova seemed to be set.
> 
> But neither I are the files (cordova.js, cordova_plugins.js) included in the web-project, nor is this called, since isCordovaApp is false.
> 
> I than thought I just try to add this scripts directly and this worked, except: I cannot access window.FirebasePlugin (from the firebasex plugin). It is installed and from a javascript file inside the cordova app, I can do all the things I want. But not from the website. The Plugin-Script was loaded inside the web, but no chance. And really no idea on how to get it to work...
> 
> Any idea what I miss or do wrong? I really appreciate any idea, tip or info.
> 

Wed, 15 Jan 2025 00:27:09 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I’m not really sure what that is doing, or attempting to do because the `cordova.js` script is what will be defining the `window.cordova` symbol. So if it didn’t import the `cordova.js` script then the cordova runtime is not going to be available for that `isCordovaApp` check.
> 
> Also `cordova.js` imports `cordova_plugins.js` so that would just double up the script execution and might cause further issues.
> 
> It seems like flawed logic to me.
> 

Wed, 15 Jan 2025 00:31:51 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> i don’t think cordova framework defines `_cordovaNative` (but could be wrong, not 100% sure here) so if something else set that to true, then that load script will technically work, but user app code shouldn’t be adding in cordova_plugins.js themselves.
> 

### __Channel #random__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 14 Jan 2025 17:14:35 GMT

__@oliver.zernikow__ says 
> @oliver.zernikow has left the channel
> 
