## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:21:47 GMT

[User count: 4921](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(2 messages)_
---

Tue, 21 Jan 2025 14:23:45 GMT

__@siddmurudkar22__ says 
> *Hello* 
> I am new to Cordova-based app development.
> I have a requirement where the Cordova-based hybrid native application (*Cordova Native App + Angular*) needs to load a remote web app inside it.
> Does anyone have documentation or guidance on how to achieve this?
> 

Tue, 21 Jan 2025 15:04:16 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Use the in-app browser plugin to load in remote content safely. The remote web app cannot make use of cordova plugins or other native device APIs outside of what is standardly available in webviews/browsers.
> 
> Both Apple and Google can consider remote web applications accessing the native device APIs as a RCE (Remote Code Execution) vulnerability and it’s against their app store policies to host apps that contains that ability. So code that uses native device APIs must be bundled within the app binary.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Wed, 22 Jan 2025 00:15:43 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> I have what I think is a workable initial implementation of Swift package manager support for plugins: <https://github.com/apache/cordova-ios/pull/1515>
> 
> There's still stuff to figure out and documentation to write, but this PR should be good for people to test and review and flag any issues or concerns they see.
> 

### __Channel #frameworks__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 21 Jan 2025 14:18:23 GMT

__@siddmurudkar22__ says 
> 👋 Hello, team!
> 
