## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 26 Mar 2025 08:22:01 GMT

[User count: 4938](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 25 Mar 2025 12:28:49 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> <https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/12.x-2025.01/guide/hybrid/plugins/index.html> would be a good starting point for plugin development.
> 
> But if you're using cordova 5.1.1 you're gunna also want to spend time to upgrade first to the latest version of the CLI, platforms and plugins most likely and deal with any breaking changes first. Otherwise the documentation may not actually match up with your runtime.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(2 messages)_
---

Tue, 25 Mar 2025 11:39:57 GMT

__@alex678__ says 
> Hello everybody, i see that cordova android 14 is now available on github (not on npmjs), do you think we can start to use it ?
> 

Tue, 25 Mar 2025 11:41:27 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> Its not released yet. The release will be completed when its published to npm and GitHub has the `rel/` tag.
> If the release vote fails, the tag would be removed. (And branch depending on release type...)
> 

### __Channel #plugins__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 25 Mar 2025 20:45:11 GMT

__@nimblejs__ says 
> Hi All! I'm glad I was able to find this Slack! When you search for Cordova development or npm plugins it seems like updates and user groups for mobile development is slow. I joined to ask if you see the Cordova user base growing? What could new mobile dev do to help? and specifically about admob-Cordova plugin. (Seems like all plugins are 2+ years old and not being updated.)  On a quick test, I was able to get bannerAds up, but not InterstitialAds.
> 
> I've built a drag/drop UI for building webapps, and included Cordova/Volt Builder as a feature of the project. <https://www.nimble-ide.com> - So I'm looking for some guidance, group info and general information on Cordova roadmap. 🙂  Thanks in advance!
> 
