## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 06 Feb 2025 08:21:51 GMT

[User count: 4924](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(2 messages)_
---

Wed, 05 Feb 2025 10:23:49 GMT

__@nzioni__ says 
> Hi
> Do you know when the next Cordova Android and Cordova iOS release?
> 

Wed, 05 Feb 2025 14:09:35 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> When they're done and ready to be released. Development work is all managed by volunteers, so it depends on what spare time people have available to work on stuff.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(2 messages)_
---

Wed, 05 Feb 2025 21:14:21 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> There is a convertFileSrc or similar name that does the same in cordova-ios, you don’t need ionic plugin 
> 

Thu, 06 Feb 2025 00:31:00 GMT

__@spamact__ says 
> Thank you!! I I was able to get everything working with a combination of `FileEntry.toURL()` and `FileEntry.nativeURL`. I really appreciate the help!
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(11 messages)_
---

Wed, 05 Feb 2025 10:56:39 GMT

__@jacobsgur__ says 
> How do you disable swipe navigation in Android web view? I saw the following StackOverflow on capacitor, but it has a different API:
> <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/75045653/disable-swipe-navigation-on-android-webview-through-capacitorjs>
> 

Wed, 05 Feb 2025 12:32:27 GMT

__@jacobsgur__ says 
> I added the following to MainActivity, but it has no effect:
> 

Wed, 05 Feb 2025 12:32:39 GMT

__@jacobsgur__ says 
> ```    @Override
>     public void onStart() {
>         super.onStart();
>         SystemWebView webView = ((SystemWebView) appView.getEngine().getView());
>         webView.setOverScrollMode(SystemWebView.OVER_SCROLL_NEVER);
>     }```
> 

Wed, 05 Feb 2025 13:29:27 GMT

__@jacobsgur__ says 
> config.xml also has set `&lt;preference name="DisallowOverscroll" value="true"/&gt;` which CordovaWebViewImpl uses to also call `engine.getView().setOverScrollMode(View.OVER_SCROLL_NEVER)`  but it is not working either.
> 

Wed, 05 Feb 2025 13:48:19 GMT

__@jacobsgur__ says 
> Setting ionic config `hardwareBackButton: false` fixes the issue. I'm not sure why this is not more widely mentioned as the solution.
> 

Wed, 05 Feb 2025 14:15:01 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> I thought the over scroll mode is only related to how the system will visually response on vertical swipe.. For example could you scroll beyond the page content or stop it from scrolling.. I thought.. nothing to do with navigation swipe which I think is horizontal swiping.
> 

Wed, 05 Feb 2025 14:17:20 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Overscroll shouldn't impact navigation at all, because that's handled at a system level as opposed to a scrollable area View level
> 

Wed, 05 Feb 2025 14:36:25 GMT

__@jacobsgur__ says 
> Yeah that Ionic setting `hardwareBackButton` solved the issue. It still displays the small drawer arrow at the left and right when swiping, but it doesn't change the route anymore. I'm not sure if it's possible to completely remove the swipe animation. I tried configuring OnBackPressedDispatcher to do nothing, but that didn't affect anything.
> 

Wed, 05 Feb 2025 17:05:00 GMT

__@bigballi__ says 
> does a touch listener with `preventDefault` help?
> 

Wed, 05 Feb 2025 21:43:22 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> Are you testing on a pixel? I think that’s something google made up and is only available on pixel phones, but my newer testing devices are pixels, so I might be wrong
> 

Wed, 05 Feb 2025 21:47:45 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> But pretty sure you can’t disable it at application level, it’s part of the OS and acts as pressing the back button, so you are not only disabling the swipe but the whole back button
> 
