## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:21:31 GMT

[User count: 4922](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(4 messages)_
---

Wed, 29 Jan 2025 16:54:01 GMT

__@jc0110cj__ says 
> I haven't look deeply into Beta 8 since my plugins didn't have any serious problems with it but I'm wondering if there have been any changes in the embedding model.  I have a plugin that frames WebViews in native split or tab views--gives my apps a native look that is hard to fake in a WebView--but I  have to spend an extra startup WebView if I don't embed Cordova to use my plugin.  My current embedding approach is to manually insert my own startup code.  Works for me but it would be nice if I could offer more friendly approach to other users.
> 

Wed, 29 Jan 2025 17:16:30 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> I don't think there have been any changes that would impact that. CDVViewController still initializes its full-screen webview when it's shown. We did change the default app template to move to using Xcode storyboards for initializing that view controller, but that shouldn't make a difference.
> 

Wed, 29 Jan 2025 17:18:13 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> I wonder if making a custom subclass of CDVViewController that set up the UINavigationController might work for your case? You could override how that initial webview is created and make it happen in a tab instead of the main view
> 

Wed, 29 Jan 2025 17:18:57 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> but the last time I looked at NavigationController stuff in a plugin was 2015 and I don't remember how I had it all set up :P
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(2 messages)_
---

Wed, 29 Jan 2025 16:21:21 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Google pulling an Apple move like when they added ScreenOrientation API support on 16.4 but it always just reported portrait regardless of the actual orientation 😆
> 
> &gt; It does handle it properly at the top, but not the bottom
> Maybe it requires an updated webview component? Tried using a Google Play image with it logged into Google Play store so that it can receive all the latest component updates?
> 

Wed, 29 Jan 2025 17:37:26 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> There was an API mentioned on the docs page about "System ~gesture~ bars insets" that I think might be worth looking into... maybe we can opt the webview into those (although I'm not sure the webview knows or cares)
> I also want to check if we can safe-area-inset stuff working on older versions in immersive mode, but unlikely to have time to look into any of this until mid-Feb
> 
